PUTRI AISYAH WARDANI
Jember, Indonesia + 62823-3340-4483 aisyah221ayy@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/putriaisyahwardani/
I am a fresh graduate in Information Technology from the Faculty of Computer Science, University of Jember, and a
graduate of the UI/UX Research and Design Independent Study program at Binar Academy. With a strong interest in IT
Product Development, I continuously refine my skills through learning programs and internships at startups. Energetic
and creative, I specialize in user-centered design, user research, and tools like Figma to create intuitive and engaging
experiences. With a solid understanding of interaction design, I am committed to delivering functional and impactful
solutions.
INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE
HARISENIN.COM Remote, Indonesia
Class Assistant UI/UX & Tech May 2023 Aug 2023
Supported over 5 UI/UX and Tech classes by assisting mentors, preparing learning materials, and monitoring
participants' progress to ensure a structured and interactive learning experience.
Ensured the smooth operation of classes by managing presentations, recording attendance, handling technical
issues, and creating an interactive learning environment.
Facilitated class sessions by keeping discussions on track, directing conversations, and maintaining
engagement between mentors and participants.
PROJECT EXPERIENCE
UI/UX DESIGN COMPETITION NIFC Riau, Indonesia
UI/UX Designer, Researcher (KidDo Gamification Learning App) Apr 2023 May 2023
Conducted user research to understand the needs of children aged 6 10 in gamified learning.
Designed an intuitive and engaging user interface (UI) with gamification elements.
Develop a design system and high-fidelity prototype using Figma.
BINAR ACADEMY PROJECTS Jakarta, Indonesia
UI/UX Designer (Rental Car App) Nov 2022
Designed wireframes & high-fidelity prototypes with a responsive and consistent design system.
Created a user-friendly UI with improved navigation for vehicle selection and pick-up/drop-off locations.
Performed usability testing and esign iterations to enhance the user experience based on feedback.
Scrum Master, UI/UX Designer (Final Project, Aqua Store Mobile App) Dec 2022 Jan 2023
Conducted user research and usability testing to understand user needs, pain points and identify usability
issues in the previous website.
Analyzed user pain points using Empathy Map and How Might We methods and developed data-driven design
solutions.
Redesigned the mobile website using a user-centered design approach, ensuring a responsive and user-
friendly interface.
Developed wireframes, UI components, and high-fidelity prototypes to improve accessibility and strengthen
brand identity.
Iterated designs based on usability testing results, achieving an Excellent usability score (SUS 81.07).
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE
ASTANAWIDYA FACULTY OF COMPUTER SCIENCE Jember, Indonesia
Staff of Research and Development Division 2021 - 2022
Conducted research and analysis to develop innovative programs beneficial to the organization.
Coordinated with other divisions and external parties to establish partnerships for event organization, including
speaker and sponsor acquisition.
Analyzed program effectiveness by collecting participant feedback and creating evaluation reports to improve
future activities.
Head of Research and Development Division 2022 - 2023
Designed strategies and division direction based on organizational vision and member needs.
Managed the R&D team, assigned tasks, and ensured all members worked according to plan.
Coordinated and evaluated three major events with over 60 participants, ensuring smooth execution.
Collaborated with core management and other divisions to align strategies and ensure program success.
EDUCATION
JEMBER UNIVERSITY Jember, Indonesia
Information Technology Faculty of Computer Science 2020 - 2024
GPA 3.67 out of 4.00
Related Coursework : Human-Computer Interaction, UI/UX Design, Software analysis and Design,
Computational Thinking, Object Oriented Programming.
BINAR ACADEMY Jakarta, Indonesia
UI/UX Research and Design Aug 2022 Jan 2023
Grade : Excellent ( Grade 4.4. out of 5)
Conducted user research, user flow analysis, interviews, and usability testing to understand needs and design
effective solutions.
Created wireframes, prototypes, and aesthetic, responsive, and brand-aligned UI designs using Figma.
Collaborated with product managers, managed the design system, and documented workflows to ensure
smooth design implementation.
APIARY ACADEMY Jakarta, Indonesia
Product Management Feb 2023 June 2023
Grade : A
Created PRDs, user stories, and product roadmaps to align products with business goals.
Conducted market research using qualitative and quantitative methods to understand user behavior.
Developed customer journey maps and prioritized features for MVP and product experiments.
SKILLS
Hard Skills : UI/UX Design (Wireframing, prototyping, userflow, design system), User Research (User
Interviews, Usability Testing, Market Research), Software & Tools (Figma, Adobe XD, Notion, Trello,
Coreldrwa, Canva), Writing (Copywriting, UX Writing, Microcopy), Project Management (Agile Methodology,
Sacrum).
Soft Skills : Problem-Solving, Analytical Thinking, Collaboration, Communication, Time Management, Creative
Thinking, Leadership.
Bahasa : Indonesian (Native), English (Upper Intermediate)
ADDITIONAL
CERTIFICATIONS PORTFOLIO
Binar Academy - UI/UX Research and Design https://aiportfolio.framer.website/
https://shorturl.at/FtiPf
Apiary Academy Product Management
https://shorturl.at/wMCLN
Harisenin.com Class Assistant UI/UX & Tech
https://shorturl.at/oiAMh
Toefl Prediction Brighten English Pare
https://shorturl.at/X97RN