ABDUL RAHMAN
Samarinda, Kalimantan Timur | LinkedIn : Abdul Rahman |
abdulm098@gmail.com | +62-831-9093-5821 | Skype | Upwork | Portfolio
PROFILE
Hello, I am Abdul Rahman, a graduate of Vocational School 5 Samarinda with a specialization in
Multimedia. Currently, I am pursuing a degree in Information Systems at Mulawarman University
(UNMUL). With a strong foundation in graphic design, I have honed my skills as a freelancer on
Upwork, where I ve gained extensive experience in creating impactful and innovative designs.
I am passionate about learning new things, especially in visual graphics. Currently, I am expanding
my skills in illustration and exploring Website and Mobile UI/UX design. Overall, I love to learn
and strive to create designs that help people, particularly in the realm of visual graphics.
KEY SKILLS & COMPETENCIES
Skillset Problem Solving, Flexibility, Time Management, Attention to Detail, Communication,
Presentation, Creativity, Collaboration, Graphic Design, and Branding Strategy.
Programming HTML, CSS, Tailwind, Phyton.
IT Skills Front-End Web, Computer Hardware Troubleshooting.
Design Layout Design, Illustration, UI/UX Design, Merchandise Graphic, Game Artist.
Toolset Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere, Microsoft Office, Figma, Blender, Zbrush
EDUCATION
Mulawarman University Samarinda, Kalimantan Timur 2022 - Present
Faculty of Engineering Information System
GPA : 3.68/4.00
SMKN 5 Samarinda 2017 2020
Multimedia
LANGUAGE
Indonesian - Native or Bilingual
English - Conversational
WORK, INTERNSHIP & ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCES
Freelancer
Jan 2022 - Present
Graphic Designer / Visual Graphic
Created designs for clients for both print and digital application. Project included logos,
social media posts, illustration, presentation, merchandise graphic.
Communicated openly with clients about their goals, vision, target audience, deadlines
and revisions.
Created both unique brand identities and worked within existing brand guidelines and
kept a consistent style.
Managed multiple projects at once growing time management skills.
Magang dan Studi Independen Bersertifikat (MSIB)
Sep Dec 2024
Game Development (Game Artist)
Developed a deeper understanding of organizational workflows in the context of game
projects.
Enhanced communication and collaboration skills within a team setting.
Improved abilities in managing project timelines and workflows effectively.
Designed and contributed to the finalization of a game project titled Tanam-Tanam Ubi.
Gained advanced skills in game artistry, particularly in creating visual assets aligned with
project goals.
Participated in mentoring sessions, receiving valuable feedback and guidance for
overcoming specific challenges in the project.
Badan Eksekutif Keluarga Mahasiswa UNMUL (BEM KM)
Mar Aug 2024
Member of Media Information
Created designs for BEM social media such as feeds and flyers.
Collaborated with BEM KM information media team on design communication.
Assisted in planning and executing marketing campaigns for events and initiatives.
Information Systems Student Association (INFORSA)
Feb 2023 - Jan 2024
Member of Media Information for INFORSA Social Media
Developed visually appealing graphics that align with the organization s branding.
Provided creative input and feedback during team meetings to enhance design projects.
Collaborated with social media manager of INFORSA Instagram.
Assisted in creating event branding for INFORSA INSEVENT.
Internship at Dinas Komunikasi dan Informatika (DISKOMINFO)
Jan - Jun 2018
Student of Samarinda Vocational High School 5
Learned about workings of journalists and their methodologies.
Studied the role and functions of the Samarinda Communication Office
(DISKOMINFO).
Gained knowledge about the Media Information Division and participated in learning
advertisement creation.
Observed and learned about communication practices among public servants (PNS).
CERTIFICATION
Database Programming with SQL Dec 2023
Oracle Academy
Database Design Nov 2023
Oracle Academy
ICT Academy May 2023
Huawei
Game Development Dec 2024
Infinite Learning