ALYA MAISA HUDANIS
+6285815889331 | alyamaisa8@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/alyahudanis | https://behance.net/alyahudanis
42, Jalan Teluk Pacitan, Malang City, East Java
My name is Alya Maisa Hudanis and I am a 3rd year Information System student with a strong passion for
Product and Development Enthusiast and UI/UX Designer. Throughout my academic journey, I believe that
creating user-friendly and a well-designed interface can make all the difference in the success of a product or
service.
Work Experiences
Fakultas Ilmu Komputer, Universitas Brawijaya - Malang, East Feb 2024 - Jun 2024
Java
Laboratory Practicum Assistant - Database System
Teaching 30+ students every week about database fundamentals through hands-on practice and module materials.
Explains material about DBMS installation, data definition language (DDL), and data manipulation language (DML).
Evaluating each student's practice module report every week with different materials.
Education Level
Universitas Brawijaya - Malang, East Java Aug 2022 -
Undergraduate Information Systems, 3.99/4.00
SMA Negeri 3 Malang - Malang, East Java Jul 2020 - Jul 2022
Senior High School, Mathematics and Natural Science
Organisational and Volunteer Experience
Raion Community - Malang, East Java Mar 2023 - Dec 2024
Vice Head of Marketing and Communication Division - UI/UX Designer
Managing social media, copy writing, and editing content for organizational branding.
UI/UX member and mentor in Raion internship program for 4 teams by providing weekly mobile app design consultation.
Active member in the organization's work program committee in the field of public relations and documentation.
Artropolis UB 2024 - Malang, East Java May 2024 - Oct 2024
Head of Competition Division
Planning 4 competition categories to be held, namely solo vocals, photography, painting, and digital posters.
Coordinate with all competition division staff regarding competition preparations such as guidebooks, judges, and scoring sheets.
Lead decision-making processes within the division and manage implementation of initiatives.
Artropolis UB 2023 - Malang, East Java May 2023 - Oct 2023
Competition Division Staff
Conducting the creation of guidebooks for graphic design competitions and managing competition participants.
Involved in all jury needs for graphic design competitions such as MoU and participant assessments.
STARSHIP 2022 - Malang, East Java Oct 2022 - Dec 2022
Intership Staff
Involved in the work program in the Advokesma and Kominfo divisions of the Student Executive Information System (EMSI) to find out
about the organization's routine activities.
Working on several tasks in the form of groups with 10+ members as an assessment during the internship period.
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
Achievements (2023): 3rd Winner Infographic Poster 4C National Competition 2023
Achievements (2024): Finalist Epsilon National Statistic Infographic Competition
Achievements (2024): 1st Winner UX Design Hology 7.0
Projects (2023): Tasktify UI Mobile Design, Now-On Frontend Website
Projects (2024): Eureka Mobile UI/UX, Remood Android App, Ooit Flutter App, Fleet Sejahtera Mobile & Dashboard Design
Certification: Complete User Interface Design: Visual Design, Prototype, Usability Test by BuildWithAngga, Project Management
Fundamentals by IBM, Database Design and Programming with SQL by Oracle Academy, Memulai Pemrograman dengan Dart by
Dicoding, Belajar Dasar AI by Dicoding, Share Data Through the Art of Visualization by Cousera
Hard Skills: Java, Web development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP), Figma, DBMS, BPMN, Archimate, Android, Flutter
Soft Skills: Communicate well, Work in a team, Problem-solving, Time management, Adaptability, Leadership