Andisa Talenta Oktaviani
andisatalentaoktaviani@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/andisatalentaoktaviani | sites.google.com/view/andisatalenta |
Tulungagung, Indonesia | +6285655919624
SUMMARY
Continuously growing UI/UX Designer armed with UX and UI design fundamentals and skills for designing user-friendly
experiences and interfaces. Thrilled to explore and deeply analyze challenges and opportunities, uncovering design solutions that
navigate the balance between user needs and business goals. Experienced in collaborating with an agile team to deliver high-
quality user-centered design within established timeline with precision and efficiency. Excited to work alongside a cohesive and
supportive team that values teamwork, fosters collaboration and creativity, engages in brainstorming and ideation to create more
impactful designs.
SKILLS
UI/UX Design: UX Design, Wireframing, Information Architecture, Prototyping, Design Ideation, Design Thinking, Visual
Design, Responsive Design, UX Research, Usability Testing.
Behavioral: Analytical Thinking, Detail-Oriented, Teamwork And Collaboration, Effective Communication And
Coordination, Organized, Goal-Oriented.
Tools: Figma, Figjam, Whimsical, Miro, Maze, Slack, Notion, ClickUp, Canva, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator.
EXPERIENCE
UI/UX and Graphic Designer Intern at WebBoost Digital Solutions, Malaysia (Remote) November December 2024
Worked with a distributed team across Malaysia, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Canada in coordinating tasks and developing
impactful solutions to achieve client project objectives, enhancing client satisfaction and confidence.
Redesigned the homepage of an e-commerce site to enhance functionality and experience merge with visually engaging
design by restructuring the information architecture, creating the wireframe, and developing UI design, delivering a result
that exceeded client expectations.
Collaborated effectively with the engineer to facilitate a seamless handoff of design files, assets, and specifications in
Figma, supporting the successful and optimal design implementation.
Concepted a key visual for marketing and brand campaign, helped with creating and designing social media content for
Instagram, Facebook, and Tiktok using Figma and Canva, achieving 5k+ engagement on Tiktok.
UI/UX Designer Intern at Immerise, Manado, Indonesia (Remote) August September 2024
Worked collaboratively as part of the Design Team in implementing the design process within the project workflow,

contributed to designing the Minimum Viable Product (MVP) for a Digital Fitness Application.
Designed 21 wireframe screens using Whimsical for the User Sign-In and Top-Up Balance Feature by

translating design requirements, thoroughly studying user flows and acceptance criteria, delivering wireframes
that meets the requirements and project standards.
Converted wireframes into a wireflow to increase clarity and facilitate a better understanding of the design flow.

Gathered valuable insights in designing UI for a large-scale project, leveraging a design system to maintain

design consistency and quality.
UX Design Facilitator for GCC x Telkom at Dicoding Indonesia, Indonesia (Remote) May 2024 September 2024
Allocated time in providing support and assistance for participants, addressing their obstacles and offering solutions

through the Whatsapp Community Group, helping 77 participants complete the program within the timeline.
Directly collaborated with Telkom s Marketing & Communication Team as a Learning Buddy, driving campaign strategy

and improving daily content plans, boosting community engagement and completion rates by 30%.
UI/UX Designer Intern at Roote Trails, Yogyakarta, Indonesia (Remote) February 2024 May 2024
Collaborated with fellow UI/UX Designer, Lead, and UX Writers as a team to enhance the design and user experience of

the Roote Trails App.
Explored and developed design ideas to revamp the UI of the Trail s Journey by understanding the objectives, analyzing the

sitemap and the flow, as well as the current design to identify areas for improvement, delivering engaging design
innovations approved by stakeholders.
Created 22 screens of wireframes and UI Designs, presented the designs in a more engaging way by turning them into an

interactive prototype, succesfully enhancing stakeholders attention and satisfaction.
Ensured comprehensive documentation for the designs, facilitating a seamless design handoff to stakeholders.

EDUCATION
Universitas Negeri Malang, Malang, Indonesia 2020
Bachelor Degree in Informatics Engineering and Education, GPA 3.73/4.00
Digital Talent Scholarship x Google Career Certificate 2023
UX Design (Certified)
Digital Talent Scholarship x Binar Academy 2023
UI/UX Research and Design (Certified)
ACTIVITY
Project Based Internship at Nuri by Rakamin Academy, Indonesia (Remote) November 2023 December 2023
Took on responsibilities as a UI/UX Designer to design a Cash on Delivery (COD) as a new feature of an e-commerce app

by implementing Design Thinking, resulting in a design solution presented and demonstrated to the panelists.
Identified the core problem by thoroughly exploring and analyzing user needs, preferences, and behaviors, informed by the

research conducted by the company.
Developed user flow and created wireframe to seamlessly transform the solution ideas into a high-fidelity design and

prototype using Figma.
ACHIEVEMENT
Roote Trails Award 2024
Awarded the Creative Hero Award for outstanding performance and dedication as part of Rooteam, excelling in performing
creativity and innovation. (Certificate)