WAHYU ANDHIKA RIZALDI
+62 82387455975 |
wahyurizaldi80@gmail.com |
linkedin.com/in/wahyu-rizaldi-b1491a222 |
github.com/wahyuandhikarizaldi |
Summary
An information technology student with interest in project management, mobile application
development, artificial intelligence, and internet of things. I can work at any condition,
whether as a team or individual, and work well under pressure. My key point is
communication; building strong relationships with people in order to deliver the best results.
Education
Sepuluh Nopember Institute of Technology 2021 - now
Information Technology, GPA: 3.69/4.00
- Relevant Coursework: Cyber Security, Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence, Web
Development, Cloud Services, Database System, IT Architecture
SMA Negeri 8 Pekanbaru 2018 - 2021
Science
Work Experiences
PT Mitra Karya Prima (MKP) Sep 2024 - Jan 2025
Mobile Developer
- Developed an Android job search application to help overhaul workers across the country
to find jobs and projects from PT MKP and partners.
- Integrated the application with the company's Google Spreadsheet database.
Organizational Experiences
Himpunan Mahasiswa Teknologi Informasi (HMIT) ITS Feb 2024 - Jan 2025
President
- Responsible for all activities of the ITS Information Technology Student Association, with
agendas such as roadshow, gatherings, and others.
ITS Riau Student Association (IRITSBTR) May 2022 - Aug 2023
President
- Responsible for all activities of the ITS Riau student association, with agendas such as
roadshow, gatherings, and others.
A Renewal Agent (ARA) 4.0 Oct 2022 - Apr 2023
Head of Marketing Division
- Responsible for publication and marketing, creative content, and social media of ARA 4.0.
Volunteer Experiences
Bangkit Academy 2024 - Mobile Development Cohort Jan 2024
Dicoding Indonesia
Participated in a program led by Google, GoTo, and Traveloka to build knowledge, experience,
and develop new skills on Mobile Development and non-technical skills, to help prepare for a
successful career in leading technology companies in Indonesia and the world.
Abdimas & KKN Pelatihan IoT Blitar 2023 May 2023
ITS Information Technology Department
Conducted IoT training for junior and senior high school teachers in Blitar City.
Cultural Exchange Programme SUSS Indonesia 2022 Jan 2022
Singapore University of Social Sciences
Participated in a program that facilitated interactions between SUSS and Indonesia university
students to explore intangible cultural heritage and phenomena.
Achievements
Gemastik 2023 - Smart Device, Embedded System, and IoT Division
Finalist (Top 20)
Gemastik (Pagelaran Mahasiswa Nasional Bidang Teknologi Informasi dan Komunikasi) is the
biggest annual ICT event in Indonesia that has been held since 2007 and is a program of the
National Achievement Center (Puspresnas) of the Ministry of Education and Culture and
Technology (Kemendikbudristek).
- Developed WaterWise, greywater waste management with implementation of AI, IoT
and mobile application-based.
- Using ESP32, pH, TDS, and Turbidity Sensor, and Kotlin for the mobile app.
- Using parameters such as ph, total dissolved solid, and water turbidity to determine
water potability.
Skills
- HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C, C++, Java, Python, Kotlin.
- Android SDK and Android Studio
- Firebase, MySQL, SQLite
- APIs Integration
- MVVM/MVP Architecture
- Machine Learning, Data Analytics
- Debugging and Troubleshooting
- Project Management
- Microsoft Office, Trello
- Scrum, Agile Methodologies
- Leadership, Communication, Management, Problem Solving
- Indonesia, English