CICI AMELIA KADANG
South Sulawesi, Indonesia kdgcici.am@gmail.com +6285399048298 LinkedIn
SUMMARY
A fresh graduate with a Bachelor s degree in Management, specialized in Marketing. Strong interest in marketing
strategy, business analysis, and operations management. Skilled in communication, adaptability, able to work
independently and in a team, and detail-oriented in task execution.
SKILLS AND COMPETENCES
Microsoft Office Digital Marketing
Google Workspace Writing
Canva Market research and Audience Analysis
EDUCATION
Universitas Kristen Indonesia Toraja Sept. 2021 Feb. 2025
Bachelor of Management (Specialized in Marketing)
GPA: 3,91 of 4.00, Graduated with Honors (Cum laude)
Thesis: Pengaruh Penggunaan Chatbot AI dalam Customer Service Terhadap Kepuasan Pelanggan
Berbelanja di E-Commerce Shopee
EXPERIENCE
PT Agro Mulia Internasional Yogyakarta, Indonesia Remote March 2025 - present
Intern Content Planner
Responsible for developing social media content strategies to enhance brand awareness.
Creating content calendars and creative briefs for multiple digital platforms.
Analyzing current industry and social media trends to align them with content strategies for aloe vera-based
products.
Women Empowerment Indonesia Yogyakarta, Indonesia Remote July 2022 November 2022
Volunteer Content Writer
Wrote research-based articles on mental health and women s issues, contributing to a 25% increase in
website traffic over five months.
Created data-driven Instagram microblogs tailored to audience insights, resulting in a 40% increase in post
engagement and a 15% growth in followers.
Collaborated with a team to develop a webinar proposal based on audience needs analysis and authored the
Terms of Reference (ToR), supporting the successful planning and execution of outreach programs.
Business Idea Competition Economic Business Fair, UKI Toraja October 2023
Team coordinator
Led a 5-member team in crafting a comprehensive business proposal and developing an educational toy
product, guided by market research and feasibility analysis.
Performed financial forecasting and business model validation to evaluate profitability and long-term
sustainability.
Achieved 4th place out of 60+ teams, showcasing strong analytical, strategic, and presentation skills.
COURSE & CERTIFICATION
Digital marketing Certification by BNSP March 2024
Gained skills in market research, strategic planning, and data analysis to support business operations.
PORTFOLIO
Link Portfolio: Writing & Digital Marketing