CANTIKA DEWI LARASATI
Surakarta, Indonesia | +62 81259185306
Cacaiko02@gmail.com | http://linkedin.com/in/cantikadewilarasati
RINGKASAN PROFESINAL
I am Cantika Dewi Larasati, an active student of 5th semester, S-1 management study program, Sebelas Maret
University. In the last 1 year, I have contributed to committees within the scope of the faculty and university. Discipline,
responsibility, punctuality, I always prioritize in completing every job. In addition, I have competence in Microsoft
Word, Microsoft Excel, Google Form, Google Docs, Google Spreadsheet, Canva, VN. Able to work together
individually and in teams, have a passion for development, have high motivation, adaptable, and interested in learning
new things and can utilize my abilities as evidenced by relevant courses for a career in marketing.
EDUCATION LEVEL
Universitas Sebelas Maret Surakarta, Indonesia 2022 Now
Undergraduate in Management, 3.63/4.00
WORK EXPERIENCE
PT. Sehat Jaya Selalu Sukoharjo, Indonesia Feb 2025 Now
PT. Sehat Jasa Selalu provides valuable experience in diverse industries, including jewelry, food, and fashion. The
company focuses on producing high-quality local products, emphasizing innovation, and maintaining strict quality
standards.
E-Commerce Marketing
Assist in optimizing products both on instagram, shopee, and stores
Assist in recording the entry and exit of product stock
Analyzing competitors
Badan Keuangan Daerah Kabupaten Karanganyar Karanganyar, Indonesia Jan 2025 Feb 2025
Badan Keuangan Daerah Kabupaten Karanganyar is a regional apparatus organization responsible for managing
regional finances. As an institution that has a strategic role in government financial administration, BKD seeks to
improve efficiency and accuracy in financial recording and reporting.
Accounting
Assist in preparing financial statements for the period 2024 for Karanganyar Distict.
Recapitulate the financial ledger for the period 2024 for Karanganyar Distict.
Making Notes on Financial Statements for the 2024 Period for Karanganyar Distict.
ORGANIZATION EXPERIENCE
PKKMB Fakultas Ekonomi dan Bisnis (@Pkkmbfebuns) Surakarta, Indonesia Jul 2024 August 2024
The Introduction to Campus Life Program for New Students (PKKMB) of the Faculty of Economics and Business,
Sebelas Maret University (FEB UNS) is one of the activities that aims to be the first forum for new students within the
scope of the faculty. This event is designed to introduce new students to the academic and non-academic environment
at FEB UNS, as well as equip them with important information about campus life, lecture procedures, and various
opportunities available during the study period.
Perwira
Lead and accompany 25 new students during the orientation period within the university.
Help direct new students in the assignments given during the orientation period.
Being the first bridge of information for new students regarding important information during the orientation period.
Porsema (@Porsemauns) Surakarta, Indonesia Sep 2023 Oct 2023
Porsema UNS is one of the biggest competition events in Sebelas Maret University. This event includes various sports
competitions, such as basketball tournaments between faculties, futsal between faculties, badminton between faculties,
and others.
Sponsorship Staff
Create sponsorship proposals to be distributed to partners and MSME businesses
Make a list of partners and MSME businesses that will be targeted
As the main bridge for partners who want to help provide event funds
Provide google form to help recap the payment of all committee uniforms
Management Carnival (@Managementcarnival) Surakarta, Indonesia Sep 2023 Oct 2023
Management Carnival is an event organized by the Management Study Program with the aim of strengthening
relationships between students and introducing the potential and creativity of students to the wider community. This
event includes a variety of interesting activities, such as a culinary bazaar and enlivened with stand-up comedy
performances that present talented comics, thus providing interesting entertainment and adding fun to all visitors.
Ticketing Staff
Organizing and numbering seats for audience seating arrangement
Data collection for ticket sales transactions that have been sold
Assisting the ticket exchange process
PKKMB Universitas Sebelas Maret (@Generasiuns) Surakarta, Indonesia Jul 2023 August 2023
The Introduction to Campus Life Program for New Students (PKKMB) at universities is a forum for forming new
students' initial understanding of academic and non-academic life in a university environment. Through PKKMB,
students are given the opportunity to get to know more about the values, culture, and systems that exist at the university.
Manggala
Lead and accompany 30 new students during the orientation period within the university.
Help direct new students in the assignments given during the orientation period.
Being the first bridge of information for new students regarding important information during the orientation period.
Kafeb Uns (@Kafeb_Uns) Jakarta, Indonesia Apr 2023 May 2023
KAFEB UNS is a community with the main purpose of maintaining and strengthening the relationship between alumni
of the Faculty of Economics and Business, Sebelas Maret University (UNS). This community serves as a forum for
alumni to stay connected with each other, share experiences, and expand professional networks.
Volunteer Registration and Information Center
Helped scan approximately 1000+ guest barcodes that had attended the event.
Helped coordinate class representatives to provide information related to the continuity of the event
Served as an information center for guests who attended the event
Artefac Uns (@Artefacuns) Surakarta, Indonesia Dec 2022 Mar 2023
ARTEFAC UNS is one of the biggest events in UNS within the scope of the faculty. The event includes various sports
competitions, such as basketball and futsal, which are attended by participants from high schools and the Faculty of
Economics and Business (FEB) throughout Indonesia. The event ended with a closing ceremony in the form of a concert
held in Solo Raya.
Treasurer Staff
Generated more than 50 invoices for futsal, basketball, and monologue competition registrations from various
schools in Solo and universities across Indonesia.
Recorded financial expenses and income during registration.
Assisted the ticketing division during sports competitions, monologues and at concerts.
SKILLS
Languages : Indonesia (Proficient), English (Intermediate)
Soft Skill : Teamwork, Time Management, Leadership, Responsible, Problem Solving, Discipline
Hard Skill : Microsoft Word (Proposal, Create Documents); Microsoft Excel (Graphics); Google Docs; Google
Spreadsheet (Data Collection); Google Form (Survey, Quiz); Canva (Power Point, Proposal, Feeds Design); VN
(Photo & Video Editing)