NAUFAL ARSAPRADHANA
+6282331076344 | naufal.arsa.27@gmail.com | LinkedIn | GitHub
Undergraduate student in Information Technology from Brawijaya University with a GPA of 3.91 out of 4.00.
Has experience with improving soft skills and high skills as an UI/UX Designer, Laboratory Teaching
Assistant, as well as being an organizational committee during college, proficient in an assortment of
technologies, including Java, Python, Javascript, PHP, SQL, Microsoft Office, and Google Workspace.
Experienced in managing a project and analyzing the optimality of a technology product. Able to effectively
self-manage during independent projects, as well as collaborate in a team setting.
EXPERIENCE
FACULTY OF COMPUTER SCIENCE BRAWIJAYA UNIVERSITY Feb 2024 - Dec 2024
Laboratory Teaching Assistant
Responsible for delivering materials in 4 classes: Advanced Programming, Database Systems, Web
Application Programming, and Mobile Application Programming.
Accountable for teaching 100+ students including both 2nd and 3rd-year students.
Delivered 30+ learning modules to support the implementation of practical sessions.
Evaluated and analyzed practitioner performance, identifying key competency gaps and improving task
efficiency by 35%.
Managed all supporting needs in implementing practical activities using Excel and Google Spreadsheet.
RAION COMMUNITY Apr 2023 - Dec 2024
UI/UX Designer
Designed intuitive and accessible UI/UX aligned with SDGs, enhancing user engagement by 30%.
Conducted user research and usability testing to gain 85% design effectiveness.
Collaborated with stakeholders and developers to ensure 100% alignment with project goals.
BKPSDM KABUPATEN MALANG May 2024 - Oct 2024
UX Test Moderator
Streamlined the usability testing workflow, resulting in a 25% reduction in testing time while maintaining
high-quality data collection and actionable insights for development teams.
Trained participants on application features, ensuring 95% accuracy in feedback collection.
Collaborated with developers and project managers to implement iterative enhancements, reducing
usability issues by 40%.
EDUCATION
BRAWIJAYA UNIVERSITY Malang, Aug 2022 - Present
Undergraduate Information Technology student; Cumulative GPA: 3.91/40.
2nd Runner-Up of Mahasiswa Berprestasi FILKOM UB 2024.
Related Coursework: Database Systems, Statistics, Basic of UX Design, Database Programming, Data
Warehouse, Software Quality Assurance, Web Application Programming.
ORGANIZATION
RAION COMMUNITY Apr 2023 - Dec 2024
Staff of Marketing and Communication
Established and maintained effective stakeholder communication, increasing RAION Community s
event reach by 40%.
Led creative campaigns that boosted audience engagement by 35%, leveraging analytics for
optimization.
Strengthened RAION Community s brand presence by ensuring cohesive messaging and a 25%
increase in social media interactions.
PROJECTS
Savior (UI/UX Mobile Application Design) - Portfolio
Emergency Call Service Application as a First Response for Women and Children to Request Help.
EquiCity (UI/UX Mobile Application Design) - Portfolio
A platform for developing inclusive public spaces through collective movements. Equicity facilitates easier and
safer community involvement in regional development.
Whispery (UI/UX Mobile Application Design) - Portfolio
Mental Health Disorder Management Application through the Use of Voice User Interface Technology as a Form
of Inclusive Support for People with Disabilities.
Machine Learning Model to Predicting Student Performance - GitHub
Delivered a predictive solution that empowered educators to enhance student success rates by 20% and optimize
accuracy by comparing SVR, Random Forest, and KNN with CV R2, R2, MAE, and MSE.
Sehati (Mobile Application) - GitHub
A mobile application designed to address the growing mental health challenges faced by students, offering
accessible and reliable solutions to improve their well-being.
DoctorPC (Web Application) - GitHub
Successfully delivered a scalable and fully functional platform that increased user engagement by 30% and
streamlined service and component transactions.
ACHIEVEMENTS Certificate
2nd Runner-Up of Mahasiswa Berprestasi FILKOM UB 2025
2nd Winner of UX Challenges on 4C National Competition 2024
Finalist of UX Design Division on GEMASTIK XVII 2024
1st Winner of UI/UX Competition on MAGE X 2024
Surat Pencatatan Ciptaan of Savior Prototype
Silver Medalist of The 10th KIME on Ideas Competition 2024
Best Video of UX Competition on FIND IT! 2024
2nd Winner of Public Administration Competition (PANCO) UNY 2024
Silver Medalist for Innovation Science category in Youth International Science Fair 2024
Gold Medalist and The Winner of Best Promising Innovation Award at Global Youth Innovators
Competition 2024
2nd Winner of Entrepreneurship Division on Dekan Cup FILKOM UB 2022
CERTIFICATIONS Certificate
What Is Generative AI? | Issued by LinkedIn
Generative AI: The Evolution of Thoughtful Online Search | Issued by LinkedIn
Streamlining Your Work with Copilot (formerly Bing Chat/Bing Chat Enterprise) | Issued by
LinkedIn
Database Design | Issued by Oracle
Database Programming | Issued by Oracle
Working in a Digital World: Professional Skills | Issued by IBM
Belajar Dasar Data Science | Issued by Dicoding.id
Intro to Data Analytics | Issued by RevoU
SKILLS
Software Skill: Microsoft Office, Google Workspace, Figma, Canva, Visual Studio Code, MySQL,
PhpMyAdmin, DBDesigner, Jitter, Miro, Adobe Photoshop, Trello, Notion
Programming Languages: HTML, CSS, Java, PHP, SQL, JavaScript, Python, C++.
Soft Skill: Communication, Hardworking, Collaboration, Time Management, Adaptability, Creativity.
Languages: Indonesian (Fluent), English (Intermediate).