IRMADEL AURELLIANA
+6289699164872 | irmadelaurelliana@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/IrmadelAurelliana
https://bit.ly/PORTOFOLIO-IrmadelAurelliana
Desa Margajaya, Kec. Ngamprah Kab.Bandung Barat
A Bachelor's Degree graduate in Educational Technology from Universitas Pendidikan Indonesia. Highly enthusiastic
about learning and development, detail-oriented, and passionate about training and development, quality improvement,
instructional design, and human resource development. Skilled in Learning Needs Analysis (LNA), curriculum and
module development, and instructional design. Experienced in evaluating training effectiveness, managing learning
programs, developing engaging e-learning content, and implementing quality improvement initiatives. Strong ability to
collaborate with cross-functional teams to enhance learning outcomes and operational excellence.
Education
Universitas Pendidikan Indonesia Bandung Aug 2020 Aug 2024
Bachelor of Educational Technology Study Program, 3.66/4.00
Relevant courses: Human Resource Management, Design of Education and Training Programs, Lesson Planning,
Learning Strategies, Curriculum Development Models, Educational Psychology, Management of Learning Resource
Centers, Educational Technology Management, Management Information Systems (LMS), Educational Administration
Management, Performance Technology, Educational Technology Innovation, Evaluation Program, Curriculum
Evaluation, Learning Media, E-Learning, and Digital Multimedia Learning.
Work Experiences
PT Cermat Solusindo WFH Nov 2024 Jan 2025
Content Planner (Intern Staff)
Developed and Managed Content Schedules for social media.
Designed and created engaging content, ensuring alignment with the institution's communication
goals and target audience.
Private Tutor - Bandung Barat Sep 2022 Aug 2024
Elementary Educator (Part Time)
Instructed elementary student.
Organized and developed lesson plans tailored to students' needs.
Managed educational media and conducted evaluations.
Pusat Pengembangan Sumber Daya Manusia: Sep 2023 Dec 2023
Geologi, Mineral dan Batubara Bandung
Planning and Standardization Division (Intern Staff)
Administered training plans.
Conducted training needs analysis and designed programs and curriculum tailored to organizational goals.
Facilitating the implementation of training programs by ensuring effective planning, execution, and evaluation.
Managing the Learning Management System (LMS) for Training Participants (GISEL GEOMINERBA)
Aligned the company's Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) with applicable policies.
PT Tiki Jalur Nugraha Ekakurir (JNE Express) Bandung Barat Nov 2019 Dec 2019
Administrative Staff
Administered the process of generating receipts for goods deliveries
Monitored the recording of goods pick-up from customers.
Entered customer data into the system to support shipping processes.
Organizational Experience
TXT: Trending X Taat Bandung Jan 2024 Dec 2024
Head of media, decoration, and documention
Planned and managed social media schedules for events.
Designed promotional materials such as posters and digital content to events.
Led content dissemination strategies and documentation for events.
Rumah Sandar Bandung Sep 2022 Nov 2022
Staff member of design graphic
Created graphic design content for the community's social media
Managed social media activities.
Prepared content scheduling and visual design plans for community social media.
UKM KALAM UPI Bandung Nov 2020 - May 2022
Head of content creator tsaqafah
Planned the design of content to be developed.
Created detailed content scripts as a copywriter.
Managed the Instagram account and created engaging content for the platform.
HIMA TEKNOLOGI PENDIDIKAN Bandung Nov 2020 - Sep 2022
Staff of Educational and Service sector
Created structured agendas and educational event objectives.
Managed correspondence, including receiving, sorting, and distributing letters.
Prepared official document, reports, and meeting minutes
Collaborated with sponsorships and media partners, successfully raising Rp 1.3 million within 9 days.
Project Experience
Developed Digital Module at Teknologi Pendidikan UPI Oct 2024 Nov 2024
Created scripts for educational videos and podcasts
Developed questions for formative assessment of learning.
Developed Module at PPSDM GEOMINERA May 2024 Aug 2024
Developed and edited modules to align with the company's content needs
Developed user-friendly content for professionals in the mining and energy sector
Designed module covers
Course Project 2020 - 2024
Designed various teaching materials such as E-Modules, E-Worksheets, Interactive Programmed
Learning and Application-Based Multimedia
Developed an Academic Manuscript of a Training Subject for Local Content Curriculum and
Created a Lesson Plan
Skills
Soft Skills : Creativity | Effective communication | Teamwork and Collaboration | Time management | Adaptability
and Flexibility | Interpersonal
Hard Skills : Microsoft Word / Excel/ Power Point | Canva | Articulate Storyline | Google Sites | Instructional Design |
E- learning Development | Learning Management System (LMS) | Multimedia and Graphic Design
Certifications & Others
Certificate in Employability Skills (2024): International certificate on JobReady Employability Skills.
Certificate in Digital Literacy (2023): Certiport IC3 Digital Literacy.
Certificate in Independent Study (2023): Program Study Data Analyst and Artificial Intelligence
Certificate in Content Creation (2022): Indonesian Students Micro Credential Program: Educational Content
Creator in the Digital Era.
Certificate in Proficiency Test of English to Speakers of Other Languages (2024): Score 443
Achievement Contest (2023): Best Capstone Project Group in the series Certified Independent Study Program
Class 4
Journal (2021): Published articles in curricula journals regarding the UPI impact of learning media.