LUTHFI HILMAWAN
085817306716 | Bekasi Jawa barat | Iuthfihilmawan424@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/luthfi-hilmawan-49907a250/
Active student of the Department of Information Technology with interest in Digital Business and E-
Commerce, Universitas Brawijaya. A conscientious and adaptable person. During college has
experience in running several Social Media Marketing projects creating and analyzing websites,
Marketing, strategy content planner, and copywriter. has digital marketing skills Google Ads,
Google Analytcs, SEO and SEM.
EDUCATION
August 2021 - Now
Universitas Brawijaya
Teknologi Informasi - Bisnis Digital dan E-Commerce
3.48/4.00
EVENT
Sep 2023
Esport Vokasi
Participated in the Universitas Airlangga Competition Digital Office Management Summer
Program and won 3rd place.
VITION 2023 (Divisi Acara Esport) Agu 2023 - Nov 2023
Vition 2023 is a forum for physical and non-physical sports to channel the talents of students of Universitas
Brawijaya, Faculty of Vocational Studies.
Site Survey to make a venue agreement at the Dieng Campus II building
Creating a Competition Chart Per Team
Making Mobile Legend Competition Rules (BOOKLET)
Organize / Create Event Rundown
PROJECT
Website April 2023
Created and managed 4 websites (Oracion.store, T-shirt Design Tips, Weding Junction and Hana
Home Gallery) using WordPress and Blogspot through Visual Code. The websites are connected
with Google ADS, Google Maps, Google tag manager and Google Trends.
Make the website appear on the main page of Google by using keywords.
Get 157 interactions with customers on the Oracion.store website using Google ADS.
Analyzing how many interactions and sources of clicks with GTA and GTM and related and
interconnected articles to increase Brand Awareness.
Advertise the Oracio.store and Hana Home Gallery websites using Google ADS.
Event Workshop Seminar Juni 2024
Creating a seminar entitled From Zero To Hero: Starting Your Own Business on June 28, 2024. This seminar
contains how to create a business from 0 and educate for the first time to create a business.
Connecting sources to become event speakers.
Serving as Moderator.
Hana Home Desc 2023
Creating a ceramic urn business website located in East Jakarta Jl.Kalisari 11. This website is made to facilitate sales
through social media.
Create a website and catalog through wordpress (https://hanahomegallery.com/home/).
Create a store logo.
Project UMKM Optimis Snack Agu 2023 - Jan 2024
Sosial Media Specialist
Create and handle content planner for 6 months on Instagram and Tiktok using ADS to get GOALS
and increase product sales.
Increased brand awareness.
Increased sales by 50%.
Gained 1000+ reach on Instagram.
Get 300-1000 views per tiktok video.
Analyzed consumer demographics.
Discount Poster Okt 2022
This project is to create an attractive and simple food poster, so I created this burger poster to sell and make
discounts for consumers. will be distributed through social media to reach more consumers.
Create a poster using adobe photoshop
Wedding Junction Jun 2023
Creating a digital invitation service website to make it easier for people to make wedding invitations, this website
is made with Wordpress by using elementor and adding canva to produce digital wedding invitations.
Creating a Website using Wordpress
Designing Invitations through Elementor and Canva
Already received some customers.
Project Editing Short Film Jun 2024
Editing a short film entitled UMKM GO-DIGITAL . Editing this film using the Capcut application and also the
Filmora application, this short film is 30 minutes long and the actors are several Brawijaya University students.
And this short film airs on Youtube https://youtu.be/YnmmfFPgwOM?si=nnCoTlcJRX1aL0Y8
Social Media Officer Okt 2024 - Feb 2025
Being the Head of Social Media IDEAL JABAR , Organizing and Managing this Social Media Officer Team so that
it is in accordance with the goals and objectives. Creating Content Planning, Creating Pillar Content and
Determining Goals and Value of Content that has been created in accordance with the intended target audience.
Increased brand awareness IDEAL JABAR
Fill in the Content Plan for 2 Weeks
Gained 15,000k Insights and 298 Interactions in 1 month on Instagram 24 Nov - 23 Dec
Create Content Brief and determine target audience, Content Pillar and create Content brief
from Media Parthner.
SKILLS
Techinal Skills Soft Skills
Ms Word Teamwork
Google (ADS,Tiktok,Instagram) Time Management
WordPress Problem Solving
Content Planning, Trend Analylis Adapt quickly
Editing (Capcut, Adobe photoshop, Planning Skill
Vn) Leadership
Sosial Media Spesialist ,Strategict
Pemograman (Html,CSS,Blogspot)