Ardian Dwi Cahyo
Entry Level UI/UX Designer
Bekasi, Jawa Barat | ardiandchy@gmail.com
+62-881-0244-46901 | linkedin.com/in/ardiandchy | My Website Portfolio
Profile
Detail-oriented and motivated UI/UX Designer with hands-on experience in designing intuitive
interfaces that align with business objectives. Undergraduate student in Information Systems
with a strong passion for user-centered design, wireframing, prototyping, and usability
testing. Skilled in Figma, with experience in user research and implementing impactful
design solutions.
Education
Universitas Pembangunan Nasional Veteran Jakarta
Bachelor's Degree Program in Information Systems GPA 3.86
Projects
Readino (Reading Learning App for Children) Link Oct - Dec 2024
Conducted UX research to identify user needs and pain points for children s literacy.
Designed wireframes and user-friendly prototypes both for parents and kids.
Android Portal (Member Monitoring App) Link Mar - Nov 2024
Designed user-centric interfaces, user flows, and customized illustrations.
Collaborated with developers to align designs with implementation needs.
Gravote (Leader Election App) Link Aug - Sep 2024
Created style guides, prototype and user flows to ensure a seamless experience.
Worked closely with developers for smooth asset handoff and implementation.
Temani (Sexual Violence Survivors Support App) Link Mar - June 2024
Conducted research and prototyping to address user needs and sensitivity issues.
Developed an iterative testing process to enhance user experience.
Organization Experiences
Kelompok Studi Mahasiswa Multimedia
Mentor of Graphic Design Class Aug - Dec 2024
Developed a syllabus emphasizing UI/UX Design and Graphic Design principles.
Taught foundational skills in prototyping and wireframing.
Guided mentees in creating final projects aligned with real-world challenges.
Kelompok Studi Mahasiswa Android
Mentor of UI/UX Beginner Class Sep - Dec 2024
Delivered weekly lessons on UI/UX principles, tools, and best practices.
Assisted mentees in creating mockups and user flows for practice projects.
Provided feedback and constructive critiques to enhance their skills.
Product Designer of the Internal Development Project Mar - Dec 2024
Conducted UX research to define user needs and align with business goals.
Designed responsive interfaces and prototypes for internal app development.
Collaborated with developers and stakeholders for design system implementation.
Product Designer of the Internal Maintenance Project Aug - Sep 2024
Collaborated with the Project Manager to define project requirements
Designed a comprehensive design system and responsive user interfaces to ensure
consistency across platforms.
Partnered with Front-end Developers for accurate design handoff and conducted reviews
to finalize usability.
Honors and Awards
1st Winner of UI/UX Design National Competition | Link Dec 2024
Issued by Faculty of Engineering Universitas Negeri Surabaya
Finalist of Poster National Competition | Link Oct 2024
Issued by FORMASIKIP UPNVJ
TOP 9 Best Entries of Infographic National Competition | Link Sep 2024
Issued by Faculty of Computer Science UPNVJ
Best Presenter of Paper Publication | Link Dec 2023
Issued by 6th Computer Science National Conference (KoNIK) 2023
3rd Winner of Infographic National Competition | Link Oct 2023
Issued by Faculty of Computer Science UPNVJ
Skills
Hard Skills Soft Skills
Figma Adobe Photoshop Teamwork Problem-solving
Miro Adobe XD Public Speaking User Empathy
Maze Procreate
Design Thinking Creativity