Curriculum Vitae
Azkhal Zavier (20)
Depok, Jawa Barat | Phone: +62 81290475081 | Email: azkalzavier@gmail.com | Linkedin:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/azkhal-zavier/ | Portfolio: https://azkhal.vercel.app/ - Canva
SUMMARY
Azkhal is an enthusiastic and dedicated Bachelor of Information Systems student at Gunadarma
University. With a strong interest in Fullstack Web Developer and Software Engineering, he is actively
honing his skills in MERN stack. Passionate about UX Research and UI Design and aims to leverage
these skills to create dynamic and responsive web experiences. He demonstrates excellent problem
solving skills and a collaborative mindset. Committed to continuing to follow the latest industry
developments and provide a positive impact in the digital era. Apart from that, Azkhal has strong
analytical and critical thinking skills, is able to work effectively in a team or independently, and has good
time management. With extensive experience in practical projects and organizations, he is ready to face
challenges and make significant contributions in the world of IT.
EDUCATION
Gunadarma University Depok, Indonesia Aug 2021 Present
Undergraduate of Information System; Cumulative GPA: 3.60/4.00
Passionate on the subject of Web Programming, Object Oriented Programming, and Structured
Programming.
Create a Frontend and Backend website-based fried chicken sales application with a group of
classmates.
Joined the Lepkom Course and Google Developer Student Club Community.
EXPERIENCE
Independent Study Full-Stack MERN Jan 2024 Present
CODEPOLITAN Campus Coder by Devhandal Batch 2 Jarak Jauh
1 year Fullstack Javascript Scholarship by being able to access specifically studying MERN
technologies (MongoDB, Express, Reactjs and NodeJS).
Improve capabilities in building complex and scalable modern web applications.
Studying with industry experts with proven experience, makes it easier to learn accurately and quickly.
Mentee - Web Developer & UI UX Design Feb 2024 Jun 2024
Infinite Learning Independent Study by Kampus Merdeka Batch 6 Jarak Jauh
Contribute to startup web application development from start to finish, including database design,
backend development, and frontend design in the micro and massive startup project that we built,
providing team efficiency of 20%.
Conduct user research and usability testing to identify and resolve UX issues.
Learn web developer knowledge that focuses on Fullstack MERN, equipped with knowledge of UX
Research and UI Design, as well as learning the Scrum framework into real cases.
Tax Center Assistant IT Team Apr 2024 Present
Gunadarma University Paruh Waktu
Develop and maintain mobile applications for calculating HPP (Harga Pokok Penjualan) using Flutter
integrated with Firebase.
Manage backend integration using Firebase for real-time data storage, authentication, and seamless
application functionality.
Collaborate with team members to align application features with organizational needs and Tax Center
objectives.
Given responsibility for maintaining the tax center website to update the appearance, data and content
regularly.
Mentee Fullstack Software Development Sept 2024 Des 2024
Productzilla Independent Study by Kampus Merdeka Batch 7 Jarak Jauh
The program includes in-depth discussions on Frontend Engineering, Backend Engineering, and
UI/UX Design.
Collaborated with team as Frontend PIC using Nextjs, Typescript and Tailwind CSS.
Update the appearance of the website and villa data, as well as consume the API that has been created
by the Backend.
ORGANIZATIONS
Member - Google Developer Student Club Gunadarma Oct 2021 Oct 2023
Attend events covering topics such as Web Development, Android development, UI/UX Design,
Machine Learning, and Cloud Technologies.
Use the opportunity to network with students and professionals in the technology field, exchange
information, and gain insight into industry trends.
Become part of a dynamic and supportive community that encourages learning and innovation.
CERTIFICATIONS & TRAINING
Nov 2023 : Workshop Basic Web Development by Dunia Coding.
Nov 2023 : Workshop Front End Developer by Dunia Coding.
Dec 2023 : Belajar Dasar Pemrograman Web by Dicoding Academy.
Dec 2023 : Belajar Dasar Pemrograman JavaScript by Dicoding Academy.
Dec 2023 : Belajar Membuat Front-End Web untuk Pemula by Dicoding Academy
Dec 2023 : HTML Dasar (Gold) by Skilvul.
Dec 2023 : CSS Dasar (Gold) by Skilvul.
Dec 2023 : Fundamental Course Software Engineering by RevoU.
Jan 2024 : Certified Developer by Alibaba Cloud
Mar 2024 : Sertifikat Kelas Belajar Dasar HTML by CODEPOLITAN
Mar 2024 : Sertifikat Kelas Belajar Dasar CSS by CODEPOLITAN
Mar 2024 : Sertifikat Kelas Belajar Bootstrap by CODEPOLITAN
ADDITIONAL
Programming Language: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 5, Tailwind CSS, Javascript, PHP, Reactjs,
Nextjs, Dart, Flutter, SQL.
Tools: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Figma, Canva, Github, Visual Studio Code,
Notepad++, Wordpress.
Soft skills: Collaborative, Communicative, Teamwork, User Empathy, Problem Solving, Time
Management, Analytical Thinking, Critical Thinking, Continuous learning, Receptiveness to Feedback.
Hard skills: Web Design, Front-End Engineer, Version Control/Git, Front-End Frameworks, UX
Research, UI Design, Slicing UI, Project Management.
RELEVANT SUBJECTS
Web Programming (HTML, CSS) Grade: A (95+ of 100)
JavaScript Grade: On Going
Framework (Reactjs, Bootstrap, Tailwind) Grade: On Going
Object Oriented Programming (PHP) Grade: On Going