Alya Nur Firjatullah Ambarsari
Palembang, Sumatera Selatan | +62 813 6938 5717 | anfasari29@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/alyanfa
Fresh graduate in Computer Systems with a strong foundation in IT infrastructure, software development, and
data analysis. Experienced in intelligent systems research, network configuration, and project management.
Proven ability to optimize technical processes, solve complex problems, and deliver efficient IT solutions.
Passionate about leveraging technology to enhance operational excellence in the aviation industry.
Education
University of Sriwijaya Palembang, Sumatera Selatan Aug 2019 Aug 2023
Undergraduate Program in Computer System
Graduate with GPA 3.65/4.00 (study with 4 years and predicate cum laude)
Bank Indonesia Scholarship Awardee 2022-2023
Member of Intelligent System Research Group (ISysRG)
Work Experience
Staff IT and Business Partner Intern Jan Jun 2022
PT. Pupuk Sriwidjaja Palembang, Sumatera Selatan
Identified underground network issues in the area PT. Pupuk Sriwidjaja
Re-checking conducting and designing the flow of Wireless Local Area Networks
Installing unifed-based Wireless Local Area Network and configuring access point with centralized
network
Researcher Participation as an ISysRG Intern July 2022 - July 2023
Intelligent System Research Group (ISysRG) Palembang, Sumatera Selatan
Completed the research entitled: Classification of the Severity Level of Pre-Cervical Cancer in VIA
Images using CNN.
Conducting Image data processing sourced from International Research for Cancer to build a
model that achieves the highest accuracy.
As reading material and reference for individuals conducting research on the classification of pre-
cervical cancer in VIA image.
Organizational Experience
Badan Eksekutif Mahasiswa Fasilkom Unsri Feb 2021 Nov 2022
Student Executive Board (BEM) as a Deputy Sport Division
Prepared all administrative matters related to this division project, such as proposal and Term of
Reference (TOR)
Project Supervisor Fasilkom Championship for College Student in South Sumatera attracted around
60 South Sumatera team.
Moderator in Webinar awardee of South Sumatera, Talkshow Sport in Pandemic Era, and MC
Closing Ceremony Technology Euporia (Techpo) with 500 participants.
I- SPORT Unsri March 2021 Dec 2021
As General Treasurer
Organizes and records all expenses and income of the organization.
Created financial reported for all activities.
Collecting cash and reporting activities to maintain accountability and financial traceability.
Ikatan Bujang Gadis Fasilkom Unsri Sept 2021 Dec 2023
Steering Committee
Regular quarterly meetings with other staff of education division
Created headlines about accounting for Instagram s content.
Co-Chief Leader and Head of Public Relations of Pemilihan Bujang Gadis Fasilkom Unsri
Vice Chairman
Support the chairman in implementing leadership and Organizing member of Ikatan Bujang Gadis
Fasilkom Unsri
Directed member to carry out program organization about education, pageant, and culture of south
Sumatra.
Engage with internal and external stakeholders on behalf of the chairman.
Bank Indonesia Scholarship Jun 2022 Feb 2024
Staff of Entrepreneur Division
As an event division of Entrepreneur Talk Webinar with 250 participants
As an event division of Introduction and Promotion Bank Indonesia s UMKM Products in
Palembang
As a actor in the video for UMKM Supported by Bank Indonesia and Education about Qris
Vice Chairman of Entrepreneur Division
Organized members for taking videos about QRIS is called Genius (GenBI Upgrading and Sharing
about QRIS)
Directed members to carry out programs about education around managing finances at social media
Genbi Sumsel is called Wikipreneurs reach 187 likes on instagram
Monitored the Lapak GenBI, made Phone Charm and ID Card) products which are made by GenBI
members.
Participated for accountability report about the activities that have been carried out.
Volunteer Experience
PERTAMINA RETINERY UNIT III PLAJU March 2023
As an event division of Talk show and Grand final Rising Up Creativity of 2nd SMEEC
Acting as a Liaison Officer (LO) with the aim of ensuring smooth communication with all parties
involved, including artists and judges.
Planning and ensuring that information related to events and promotions is communicated to
internal and external partners.
FESTIVAL OLAHRAGA MASYARAKAT NASIONAL (FORNAS) Jun 2022
Volunteered for biggest sport tourism event in Indonesia, with 55 sport categories participated by
23.192 participants.
As a Liaison Officer (LO) for VIP guests such as the Governor of South Sumatera, regional officials, and
another invited guest.
Licenses and Certifications
Pelatihan Data Scientist Okt - Nov 2021
Digital Talent Scholarship
Certified Researcher Participation July 2022 - July 2023
Intelligent System Research Group (ISysRG)
My Digital Academy Des 2023 July 2024
Mandiri
Data Analyst Jan July 2024
Rakamin
Product Management Jan July 2024
Rakamin
Achievement
2nd Winner of Gadis Fasilkom Unsri (2021)
2nd Winner of Favorit Video Cinta Bangga Paham Rupiah by Bank Indonesia (2022)
Skills
Technical Skills : Ms. Office (Ms.Word, Ms.Excel, Ms. Powerpoint); Google (Google Docs, Google
Spreadsheet, Google Slides); python, Figma
Professional Skill : Time Management; Teamwork; Emotional Intelligence; Good
Communication;Problem Solver; Financial Reporting.