L. Defica Ayundari - UI/UX Designer
Profile Portfolio
UI/UX Designer with possess the expertise to craft intuitive user portfolio-deficaayundari
interfaces and engaging user experiences, and I am proficient in
various design tools and research methods. Have worked on projects
Education
to understand user needs and design solutions.
Purwadhika Digital
Technology School
Work Experience
Jan-May 2024 UI/UX Design
UI Designer
Sriwijaya University
Pameo.co Sep 2024 - Present Internship
2019-2023 Agribusiness
Create and refine UI mockups based on project requirements. (GPA: 3.66)
Collaborate with the UX team and developers to integrate
designs into products. Conduct visual research to ensure
Contact
designs follow the latest trends. Apply design systems and
maintain visual consistency principles.
ayundaridefica@gmail.com
+628-2333-5958-18
UI/UX Designer
linkedin.com/in/ayundaridefica
Hugo Studio Aug - Nov 2024 Internship
L. Defica Ayundari
Conducted user research and created wireframes to design
intuitive user interfaces for digital products. Collaborated with
Languages
cross-functional teams to prototype and deliver high-fidelity
designs aligned with business goals. Utilized design thinking
Bahasa Indonesia - Native
methodology and tools like Figma and Miro to drive innovation
English - Intermediate
in a dynamic remote environment.
Skills
Latest Projects
ASEAN Foundation Redesign Website User Interface Design
User Experience Design
Nov 2024 - Feb 2025 (4 Months) Freelance
Wireframing and Prototyping
Redesigning the ASEAN Foundation website to improve user
Usability Testing
experience and access to information about programs,
Competitor Analysis
scholarships, and community development opportunities.
Tasks include defining the PRD, conducting research, creating a Ethnographic Research
design system, developing high-fidelity designs, prototyping,
Empathy and User Centricity
and conducting user testing.
Collaboration and Communication
QuickMed Mobile App Exploration Problem Solving
Jan 2025 (2 Weeks) Study Case Exploration
Design Tools
Exploring the design for the QuickMed mobile app to enhance
user experience in managing appointments, prescriptions, and
Figma Whimsical Maze
health records. Tasks include defining the creating a design
system, developing high-fidelity designs, and prototyping. Chat GPT Miro Notion
Procreate Canva
CRIC UCLG ASPAC Redesign Website
Sep - Oct 2024 (2 Months) Internship Pameo
Redesigning the CRIC UCLG ASPAC website to improve
accessibility and user engagement for local government
organizations in Asia-Pacific. Tasks include defining the PRD,
conducting research, creating a design system, developing
high-fidelity designs, prototyping, and user testing.