ABDULAH FAIZ TEDJO PUTRO
Samarinda, Kalimantan Timur | Linkedin | Faizaja995@gmail.com | +62-852-4282-7691 | Github | Porto
PROFILE
Hello, I am someone who always has high curiosity and passion to learn new things. I believe that
learning is a lifelong process that helps us grow and adapt to different situations. I have an interest
in technology, programming and application design. With every new knowledge I gain, I feel more
prepared to face the challenges and opportunities that come in my life, both in professional and
personal contexts.
EDUCATION
Mulawarman University Samarinda, Kalimantan Timur 2022 - Present
Faculty of Engineering / Information System
GPA : 3.75 / 4.00
SMA Negeri 1 Samarinda 2019 2022
Natural Science Department
EXPERIENCES
Information Systems Student Association (INFORSA) Feb Dec 2023
Mulawarman University
Member of the Scientific Division of the Department of Talent & Scientific Interest
Serves as the person in charge of the Badminton community in the Information Systems
environment.
Help disseminate information about non-academic competitions.
Information System Event (INSEVENT) Dec 2023
Mulawarman University
Member of Publicity and Documentation Division
Assist in creating videos and promotional content on social media.
Assist in documenting the INSEVENT 2023 Talkshow activities.
Bookstore sales website creation project Apr 2024
Designed and developed a sales website for a bookstore.
Used HTML, CSS, SQL, JavaScript, and PHP for front-end and
back-end development.
Integrated e-commerce features such as shopping cart,
payment system, and inventory management.
Designing an educational mobile application for pregnant women Apr 2024
Design the app to be easy for everyone to use
Implement features such as pregnancy calculators,
nutrition guides, and health tips.
Design the application and user flow using figma.
Create a simple warehouse stock recording application using Java Dec 2023
Develop a simple warehouse stock recording application using Java.
Implement CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functions for stock management.
Implement an intuitive and easy-to-use user interface.
Design a library database system using SQL May 2023
Design a library database system using SQL.
Create tables, relations, and queries for book management, members, and borrowing
transactions.
Model the data structure and relationships between entities in the system with ERD.
KEY SKILLS & COMPETENCIES
Skillset Critical Thinking and Analytical Skills, Problem Solving, Flexibility, Time Management,
Well Planned, Data Research, Presentation
Toolset Google Colab, FigJam, Google Suite, Microsoft Office, GitHub, VSCode, MySQL,
Figma, Notion
Programming HTML, CSS, Pyton, Java, SQL
IT Skills Data Analyst, Front-End Web, Graphic Design, UI/UX Design
CERTIFICATION
Programming with Java May 2023
Dicoding
Database Programming with SQL Dec 2023
Oracle Academy
Database Design Nov 2023
Oracle Academy
3+ other certificates