EFRYCA AYU NABELLA
089630701734 | efryca0103@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/efrycaayunabella
Jln Bromo No.23 Punten, Kota Batu
I am a fresh graduate from the management department of Brawijaya University. I have a great interest in
working in the fields of administration and finance. I have participated in several experiences such as internships,
competitions, committees, organizations, and volunteers while taking this course. That way, I can increase my
experience, relationships, and new knowledge about soft skills and hard skills. I am an expert at operating Ms.
Office, Ms. Excel, Ms. PowerPoint, Google Tools, SPSS, E-VIEWS, Canva, and so on. I can create
administrative and financial reports, archive multiple files, and basic understanding of accounting. In this world of
work, I will be very responsible and ready to work under pressure.
EDUCATION
BRAWIJAYA UNIVERSITY - Jl Veteran, Kec. Lowokwaru Malang City Jul 2020 - Jan 2024
Undergraduate in of Management in Faculty of Economic and Business, Major in Management Finance and Minor in Management
Operational, 3.76/4.00
Activity: I learned about how to make decisions through planning, managing, analyzing, controlling in finance. As well as having an
understanding in the field of operational management to control resources to achieve organizational goals effectively and efficiently.
So jobs that are relevant to me are Administration Staff, Finance Staff, Financial Analyst, Operational Staff, and Trainee Manager.
SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL 01 BATU - JL Agus Salim No.57, Sisir, Kec Batu Jul 2017 - May 2020
Social Sciences Major, Concern in Economics
Activities: I study with a concentration in social sciences ranging from economics, geography, sociology, history, and languages. When
I was in high school, I was very interested in majoring in economics, so I took part in various competitions ranging from business to
taxes. I am also interested in physics and Japanese, so these became additional subjects of interest and talent for 1 year. With this, I
continue to develop my interests and abilities while studying at SMA Negeri 01 Batu.
JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL 02 BATU - Jl. Bromo No.34, Sisir, Kec. Batu, Kota Batu, Jan 2014 - Apr 2017
Jawa Timur 65314
COMMITTE & VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
GENERASA - Semarang Aug 2022 - Oct 2022
Official Staff Secretary of the Human Resources Training Program with the theme "Career 101: would you rather be idealistic or
realistic?"
A social community engaged in self-development to help Indonesian youth develop and
provide educational information about self-development.
Make and documents are needed, namely proposals, a Memorandum of Understanding, and Terms of Reference.
Make a list of letter numbers for internal and external purposes.
Make an administration schedule and training for PPSDM participants.
Make certificates of speakers, participants, and the committee.
CANDIDATE COLLEGE - Jakarta Jan 2022 - Feb 2022
Official Staff Secretary of Instagram Live Program "Is Time Management Important?"
An educational platform that works to facilitate students at home and abroad to get the education system quality.
Create a live program plan with the event team.
Arranging and coordinating the meeting agenda schedule for each division.
Make some important documents needed for sponsors.
Make certificates of speakers, participants, and committee.
LINGKAR STUDI MAHASISWA EKONOMI DAN BISNIS (LSME) Aug 2021 - Nov 2021
FEB UNIVERSITAS BRAWIJAYA - Malang
Official Asisstent Coordinator Administration "Internal Training and Socialization (LINTAS)
Internal Training and Socialization (LINTAS) is one of the programs carried out by LSME every period to introduce work culture to
prospective members of the organization. This training is also carried out to determine the interests and talents of prospective members
to enter the appropriate field. The goal is to find qualified candidates with high integrity to join.
Coordinate staff regarding administrative tasks.
Make attendance recaps, invitations, letters, daily reports with staff.
Coordinate with other departments regarding correspondence.
Selecting files from prospective members.
HIMPUNAN MAHASISWA DEPARTEMEN MANAJEMEN (HMDM) May 2021 - Nov 2021
FEB UNIVERSITAS BRAWIJAYA - Malang
Official Staff Administration of The Talks 2021 with the theme "Personal Branding and Growth Mindset: Valuable Ability to Elevate in Digital
Era"
The highest executive institution within the FEB UB management department is a forum for major student management to serve their
department and function to accommodate and channel the aspirations of all student management departments.
Fill in the tracker list and to-do list for all divisions.
Make important documents such as proposals, Terms of Reference, and Memorandum of Understanding.
Make accountability reports and event minutes.
Tracking ticketing on the D-day of the event.
BADAN EKSEKUTIF MAHASISWA (BEM) FEB UNIVERSITAS Sep 2021 - Oct 2021
BRAWIJAYA - Malang
Official Reviewer PKK MABA Alteration Program "Creative Change and Creative Development" 2021
Student Executive Board of the Faculty of Economics and Business, Universitas Brawijaya.
Coordinating new students in preparing student creativity program proposals (PKM).
Provide advice and input on PKM proposals prepared by new students.
Assist in discussion sessions for submitting proposal ideas.
Provide progress assessment and new student PKM proposal reports.
LINGKAR STUDI MAHASISWA EKONOMI DAN BISNIS (LSME) Mar 2021 - Jul 2021
FEB UNIVERSITAS BRAWIJAYA - Malang
Official Staff Intern Ballistic of The Public Relations with Human Research "MARIMASE"
Student organizations that are autonomous and play an active role in the scientific field such as essays, papers, and business plans
encourage students to take part in competitions.
Operate zoom techniques during events.
Design vandal and certificate.
Coordinating and arranging meeting equipment.
Developing ice-breaking concept.
LINGKAR STUDI MAHASISWA EKONOMI DAN BISNIS (LSME) Jan 2021 - Aug 2021
UNIVERSITAS BRAWIJAYA - Malang
Ofiicial Staff Event of Webinar Program and Entrepreneur Corner Workshop (ENCORE) with the theme "Let's Start to Build Startup"
One of the programs from the LSME is in the form of webinars and workshops organized by the entrepreneurship division for all economic
and business faculties students to develop soft skills, especially in terms of entrepreneurship.
Develop concepts for webinars and workshops.
Compile technical guidelines, division setlist, and rundown.
Become a field coordinator.
Monitor the task of the activities of all divisions.
LINGKAR STUDI MAHASISWA EKONOMI DAN BISNIS (LSME) Dec 2020 - May 2021
UNIVERSITAS BRAWIJAYA - Malang
Official Staff of Administration and Secretary at "Katulistiwa 13"
Katulistiwa 13 is one of the main programs within the LSME organization to provide a platform for all Indonesian students to take part in
national competitions in the form of scientific works, essays, and business plans to develop interest and talent, of course in terms of scientific
work.
Create invitations for contest partners.
Compile Terms of Reference and proposals.
Recap a list of data and various documents of contest participants.
Recap the competition assessment.
ORGANIZATIONAL & COMPANY EXPERIENCE
Tugu Media Group - Malang Apr 2023 - Jul 2023
Official Magang Redaksi
Tugu Media Group is one of the partner companies management departments that provides internship opportunities and direct work practice
for all students through the MBKM Non-Higher Education program. There are two media under the auspices of the Tugu Media Group,
namely tugujatim.id and tugumalang.id. Under the auspices of the Tugu Media Group, tugumalang.id is an online news portal with various
channels that collaborates with kumparan.com in developing its website.
Reporting suffering in the form of soft news or light news uploaded on the official website tugumalang.id.
Covering news directly by going out on the ground for coverage.
Identify the data needed for editorial purposes tugumalang.id.
Write news with different themes.
LINGKAR STUDI MAHASISWA EKONOMI DAN BISNIS (LSME) - Malang Nov 2020 - Dec 2022
Official Staff of Administration and Secretary Departement
LSME is an autonomous student organization within the scope of the Faculty of Economics and Business students' families. LSME operates
in scientific fields such as essays, business papers, and debates which encourage LSME functionaries to take part in competitions to achieve
achievements.
Carry out an inventory of important documents.
Coordinating the flow of book grants from FEB UB students.
Make an active organizational certificate for LSME members.
Make scientific wall magazines and work program calendar schedules on a regular basis.
Create polls for each work program.
GENERASA - Semarang Jul 2022 - Oct 2022
Official Staff of Administration and Secretary Departement
Generasa is a community organization that operates in the field of self-development. Therefore, it is hoped that it will be able to help the self-
development of the nation's future generations.
Make proposals, Memorandum of Understanding, and Terms of Reference.
Take minutes in major meetings and division meetings.
Create letter numbers for internal and external purposes.
Coordination in compiling project accountability reports program calendar schedules regularly and creating polls for each work program.
CANDIDATE COLLEGE - Jakarta Dec 2021 - Jun 2022
Official Staff of Administration
An educational platform that works to facilitate students at home and abroad to get the education system quality.
Creates a reminder of all Candidate Collage activities to be implemented.
Prepare proposals, Terms of Reference, and a Memorandum of Understanding.
Design several important documents for external parties.
Be the note taker of the Candidate College's big meeting.
Skills, Awards & Other Experiences
Soft Skills: Scientific writing, Time Management, Leadership, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Teamwork, Creativity, Languages
Indonesian and English.
Hard Skills: Google Workspace, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Canva, Autocrat, Tally.so, Zoho Form, SPSS, E-
Views.
Interest: Language, Campaign, Volunteer.
Training (2021): Online Course Certification "Sharia Stock Investment" by TICMI, Online Course Certification "Technical Analysis:
Fibonacci" by TICMI, Stock Market Certification 2021 by PT Ajaib Sekuritas.
Sertification TI Universitas Brawijaya (2023): Microsoft Office Desktop Aplication by Trust Training Partners
Sectification TOEFL (2023): Elskill English Course
Achievements (2018): Semi Finalis Tax Goes.
Achievements (2019): As The 3rd Winner in Start-up Bussines Challege.
Achievements (2021): Participation in the Creatonomics Business Competition (CBCC) and Champion of Hope 1 "SCOCI Scientific
Week National Essay Competition".
Achievements (2022): Participation in the National Business Model Canvas Competition.
Webinars Attended (2020): "National Seminar on Economic Prospects and Challenges" and "National Taxnation Development"
Webinars Attended (2021): Digital Business Seminar by Didik Mulato and "Job Creation Law and Extension of Tax Incentives"
Webinars Attended (2022): MED: "Rise and Shine: It's Bussines Time" dan Stock Market 101: "Let's Thrive The Indonesia Stock Market
by Becoming a Young Investor".