ANISA FITRI MAHARANI
+62895342898404 | anizamaharani12@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/anisa-fitri-maharani-98a79420a/ | bit.ly/AFM-PORTFOLIO
South Jakarta, Indonesia
Enthusiastic and committed 6th-semester Resources and Environmental Economics, Faculty of Economics and Management student at
IPB University, known as Anisa Fitri Maharani (Aca). Proficient in the field of data analysis or environmental economics projects and want
to apply these skills according to the science in the Department of Resources and Environmental Economics. I also have a strong interest
of development of economic sciences in agriculture, resources, and tropical environment which supports the achievement of community
welfare, and continuous development.
Education Level
Institut Pertanian Bogor - Bogor, Indonesia Aug 2021 - Jul 2025 (Expected)
Bachelor of Resources and Environmental Economics
Main Course: Micro- & Macroeconomics, Environmental Economics, Resources Economics, Resources and Environmental
Economics Valuation, Development and Sustainable Economics. Supporting Course: Consumer Behavior, Agribusiness Information
System, and Human Ecology.
Work Experience
Warehouse Korea-Indo (HaHaHo) - South Korea & South Jun 2021 - Apr 2022
Jakarta
Admin Data Recap & Packing
A warehouse for the distribution of K-Pop merchandise between South Korea and Indonesia to meet the increasing market demand of K-
Pop fans in Indonesia.
Responsible for recapitulation of merchandise purchases, calculating taxes to set consumer market prices in Indonesia, and packing
the stuffs for distribution to consumers.
Sekretariat Wakil Presiden RI - Jakarta, Indonesia Jul 2024 - Oct 2024
Internship
The Secretariat of the Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia (Setwapres) provides administrative, technical, and operational support
to the Vice President. I interned under the Deputy of Economic Development and Competitiveness Enhancement, focusing on
Infrastructure, Energy Security, and Natural Resources.
Responsible for completing internship tasks, including drafting speeches for the Vice President based on the assigned themes.
Reviewed reports or issues to be addressed by the Vice President.
Assisted in preparing meeting presentation materials and editing presentation slides.
Actively participated in all offline and online activities organized by the Secretariat of the Vice President.
Organisational Experience
PKM Center IPB - Bogor, Indonesia Jan 2024 - Dec 2024
Facilitator of PKM FEM
A committee that takes care of all matters related to the implementation of PKM at IPB to PIMNAS by facilitating students in the process
of working on the PKM program.
Lead the planning of the implementation of PKM activities at the Faculty of Economics and Management (FEM).
Managed procedural letters, budgets, venues, speaker invitations, logistics, and registrations.
Masa Pengenalan Kampus Mahasiswa Baru (MPKMB) IPB 60 - Bogor, Indonesia Mar 2023 - Dec 2023
Deputy General Secretary 1
Welcoming new students to the campus environment to foster love for agriculture and pride in their institution and introduce the seven
values of IPB's corporate culture, namely: academic excellence, spiritualism, persistent, cooperative, empathetic/caring, responsibility,
and commitment.
Responsible for managing all administrative matters needed by the Event Division, Relations Division, and Funding Division such as
proposals, incoming and outgoing letters, certificates, ToR, sponsorship proposals, and activity accountability reports.
Assisting in coding and forming MPKMB world records with record tools in the form of cloth and wood fans.
Engaged in making news reports for the peak activities of MPKMB IPB 60.
Week of Welcome ESL 59 - Bogor, Indonesia Jul 2023 - Aug 2023
Treasurer of the Discipline Commission Division
A series of activities to introduce the Department of Resource and Environmental Economics to new students to help them acclimate and
understand the academic system in the department.
Developing standard operating procedures for new students entering the department.
Responsible for finances in the division.
Playing a firm role in reminding students who violate rules.
Eksekutif Ormawa PKU IPB - Bogor, Indonesia Dec 2021 - Dec 2022
Secretary of the Department of Advocacy and Student Welfare
The student executive that serves as the representative body for students, advocating for their rights and welfare within the university.
Eksekutif Ormawa plays a pivotal role in fostering a vibrant campus environment and facilitating communication between students and the
university.
Engaged in Eksekutif Ormawa PKU IPB for a year, seizing the opportunity to explore various aspects that were previously unfamiliar to
me. It served as my first organizational involvement on campus, allowing me to enhance my leadership skills, teamwork abilities, and
time management.
Responsible for administrative needs in the Department of Advocacy and Student Welfare in implementing 9 work programs.
The 11th Bogor Art Festival - Bogor, Indonesia Oct 2022 - Nov 2022
Secretary of Ticketing Division
Major music performances and festivals organized by the Faculty of Economics and Management IPB for all circles located in Bogor.
Engaged of the administration of the Ticketing Division during the implementation of activities.
Pemilwa PKU IPB 2 - Bogor, Indonesia Sep 2021 - Nov 2021
Secretary of the General Election Supervisory Board
The committee formed to carry out the election of the Chairman and Executive Vice Chairman of Ormawa PKU IPB honestly and fairly with
the participation of PKU level students.
Responsible for managing administration in the selection of the first level BEM IPB chairman.
Involved in drafting election decree regulations and participating in decree determination hearings.
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
Achievements (2023): PKM funding winner of IDR 10,000,000 for the PKM category in the field of Social Research and Humanities.
Achievements (2023): The winner of the PPK Ormawa DPM FEM IPB with funding of IDR 42,000,000 for the community service
category with the topic of smart farming villages.
Hard Skills: Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word), Google Workspace (Form, Docs, Slide, Drive, Spreadsheet, Calendar, Meet),
Design (Canva, Figma), Video Editing (Inshot, CapCut), Statistical and Econometrics (STATA, SPSS, Excel), Dynamic Modelling
(PowerSim, Vensim, XLStat, ISM, Mactor).
Soft Skills: Leadership, Problem-solving, High Curiosity, Discipline, Time Management, Critical Thinking, and Public Speaking.
Language: English (Proficient)
Interest: Writing, Administration, Econometrics, Financial and Environmental Economics, Sustainability Development Goals, Social
Media Trends, Music and Film, Billiard, and Badminton.