DINA SAKINAH AL ASKIYAH
+6283862625679 | dinasakina1@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/dinaaskiyah
South Tangerang, Banten, 15415
As a final-year student at UPN Veteran Jakarta under major of economics, I have actively engaged in various campus organizations and
online training. My experiences within internship and organizations have enhanced my ability to collaborate within teams, build effective
communication, pitching, research market and data entry. I am a detail-oriented person who thrives in a dynamic and fast-paced
environment. Have ability to collaborate in a team, build effective communication to create business relationships as opportunities for the
company. Consistently seeks opportunities in Business Development, Research, and Partnership. Able to allocate limited resources and
obtain optimal profits.
Work Experience
PT Cerdas Digital Nusantara (CAKAP) Internship MSIB Batch 6 Feb June 2024
Partnership
Successfully contacted 250 NGOs, Communities, and Companies through email, WhatsApp, and Social Media to initiate
communication and schedule meetings.
Led 70 virtual meetings to deliver presentations, facilitate discussions, and negotiate partnership programs, focusing on building
collaborative relationships.
Persuaded 33 partners to renew their collaboration by updating the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), emphasizing mutual
benefits.
Coordinated the implementation of 3 collaborative webinar programs, including planning and execution with partners.
Drafted and managed MoU agreements for partnership extensions and monitored the progress of collaborations with partners.
Compiled monthly reports on partnership performance and outcomes, highlighting program results and identifying opportunities
for improvement.
PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia Tbk - Freelance Dec 2021 Sep 2024
BRILink Agent/Mitra UMI
Recording customer transactions in a transaction book using spreadsheet software, with an average of more than 100 transactions
per month.
Assist customers in bill payments, digital wallet top-ups, and inter-bank money transfers.
Offers customers the opportunity to apply for a loan at Bank BRI, providing information on the MSME credit application process,
interest rates, loan limits, and ease of application requirements.
Successfully processed loan applications from 10 customers in the first 3 months since inception.
Input customer data into the application, conduct surveys of prospective borrowers, check suitability of loan limits and borrower
income, submit applicant data online with application.
Education Level
Universitas Pembangunan Nasional Veteran Jakarta - Indonesia Aug 2021 - Present
Bachelor of Development Economics
GPA: 3.83/4.00
Class coordinator between lecturers and students for 2 subjects, operated by Zoom, Google Meet, Spreadsheet and Google
Document for class needs.
Participate in data analysis skills training using Python and statistical software such as SPSS, E-Views, Stata and Google Collab.
PBI (International Class) participants with exchange students from Kazakhstan with the theme Behavioral Economics.
Organizational Experience
Kazakhstan Student Club Dec 2022 Jan 2024
Staff of Art, Culture and Sport
Responsible the cultural and sports section of the exchange student welcoming program from Ablaikhan University-UPNVJ
Conducted research on Kazakh Culture and Sports and made it into social media content and got a 20+ increase in engagement.
Creating a podcast with the theme of Kazakhstan culture, arts and sports by inviting speakers from Kazakhstan students and shared
on spotify.
Veteran Got Talent Sep - Oct 2023
Equipment/Logistic Staff
Created lists of deparmental requirements and ensured compatibility with budgets. The event was successfully attended by +60
participants, 6 judges and received an award from the head of BEM UPNVJ.
Sourced and liaised with vendors for committee attire, merchandise, and band equipment.
Accountable for purchased or borrowed items, Kept track of all equipment and supplies, ensuring they were in stock and available
when needed.
Training and Course
Microsoft Office Specialist Link Sep 2024
LinkedIn Learning: Career Essentials in Data Analysis Link Aug 2024
My Skill - Microsoft Excel Basic to Advanced: Fullstack Intensive Bootcamp Link Nov 2023
Revou - Online Course: Introduction to Data Analytics Link Sep 2023
Skills
Soft Skills : Detail-oriented, able to Work in team, good communication skills, analysis skills, problem solving, management
Hard Skills : Microsoft Office, Canva, Google Sheet, Data Entry
Languages : Indonesian (Native), English (Intermediate)