DORMAULI SIMANJUNTAK
dormaulisimanjuntak12@gmail.com |+62 812 6774 2286 | www.linkedin.com/in/dormauli-simanjuntak
I am a fourth year student majoring in physics from Riau University. I am a disciplined and
responsible person in every job I am given. I am active in organizational and committee activities,
electronics laboratory assistant, have experience in the fields of Java programming and
fundamentals, data science, data analytics. I have high enthusiasm and dedication at work, am
quick to respond, able to adapt and socialize in new environments, an honest person, an can work
well together over time.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Physics Aug 2021 - Aug 2025
GPA: 3.66/4.00
WORK EXPERIENCE Sep 2023 - Precent
Electronics Laboratory Assistant
Manage finances and administration in the electronics laboratory including monitoring and
managing budgets, purchasing laboratory materials or equipment, as well as financial reporting
related to laboratory activities as laboratory treasurer.
Provide support and assistance in the electronics laboratory, assisting in setup, maintenance,
and teaches experiments to undergraduate students.
Teaches proper laboratory procedures and safety protocols to students, ensuring safety and an
efficient work environment.
Riau University Physics Student Association (HIMAFI UNRI) Jan 2022 - Jan 2023
Worked with a team responsible for planning and executing physics competitions at UNRI.
The head is responsible for inviting cooperation from sponsors, media partners, andparticipants
in an Olympics or event.
Knowing the details of physics competitions and exploring their potential.
Family of Christian Student at FMIPA Riau University (KMK FMIPA) May 2024 - Present
Lead and work with a team to organize worship, christmas, and other events in KMK FMIPA.
Holding campus prayer hours and sharing prayer topics for FMIPA UNRI christian students.
Collaborating with other KMKs between faculties throughout UNRI to hold large events on the
UNRI campus.
Financial Treasurer of Riau University Real Work Lectures (KKN) Jul 2023 - Aug 2023
Carry out community service in Kampar Regency, Riau Province with several work programs in
the fields of health, education, environment and others
Carrying out teacher seminars as the largest work program by presenting representatives of
elementary, middle and high school teachers from 3 villages and published by print/electronic
media, namely the Postal Journal.
Manage the finances and needs of 10 group members during the KKN period and the needs of
the work program that will be carried out as the responsibility of a KKN group treasurer.
Riau University KIP-K GTS Volunteers Jan 2022 - Marc 2022
Bidikmisi and KIP-K Student Forum activities at the University of Riau to help and share information
with prospective students receiving Bidikmisi or KIPK assistance. Conduct outreach to students in
every high school that there is financial assistance for those who cannot afford to continue to
college.
SKILLS
Technical Skills: Trial Practice, Teaching, Electronics Troubleshooting, Test Equipment
Operation, Research, Data Analysis, Circuit Design, Analytical Skills, Microsoft Office, Basic
Python and Programming
Languages: English (Limited), Indonesia (Native)
Certifications: Java Fundamental and Java Programming, School of Sustainability, Sustainability
of Bussiness