Curriculum Vitae
Herlangga Fitdia Saputra
Madiun, Jawa Timur | Phone : 087727275259 | rangga.fitdia29@gmail.com |
Instagram : Ranggafs_ Portofolio : LINK
SUMMARY
Rangga is an Information Technology student at Universitas Negeri Surabaya. Has a strong foundation in Data
Science (SQL and Python), Machine Learning Development, and Data Science. Passionate about applying
classroom knowledge to real-world situations through internships or projects and is able to learn and practice on
other subjects that have not been studied. Demonstrates excellent problem-solving skills and a collaborative
mindset, seeking opportunities to contribute to innovative projects while continuing to expand knowledge in
emerging technologies. Machine Learning Developer actively pursuing expertise in Machine Learning
algorithms in Data Science as well as data analysis. Passionate about utilizing emerging skills in SQL queries to
analyze data and data interpretation. Has hands-on experience in Dbeaver development, proficient in Data
processing, data analysis, and data optimization. Passionate about learning, committed to staying abreast of
the latest industry trends, and dedicated to mastering SQL and Python. Passionate about applying developing
skills in both domains to provide the best solutions to become a Data Scientist.
EXPERIENCE
SQL Dbeaver May 2022 Oct 2023
SQL Dbeaver is a tool in SQL to search for queries on data that makes it easier for Data Scientists to process and
analyze data.
My contribution as a SQL Dbeaver:
Able to create queries for databases used to analyze data from Dbeaver tools. And solve problems that
occur in SQL queries
Developing data information on data analysis to find solutions to problems in data queries and completing
projects on sample data.csv to be processed and turned into mature data.
Able to adjust data based on certain conditions for more focused analysis. And sort data based on certain
columns, either ascending or descending.
Pythone Algoritme Machine Learning Oct 2023 Feb 2024 Python is a popular programming language
for Machine Learning (ML) due to its simple syntax, flexibility, and extensive community support. Python
provides many libraries and frameworks specifically designed for building, training, and evaluating Machine
Learning (ML) models.
My contribution as a Python Machine Learning:
Example : Project Experience: Data Analysis and House Price Forecasting
Building a Machine Learning model to predict house prices using Housing_Price_Data.csv dataset.
Implementing regression algorithms such as Random Forest Regressor and Support Vector Regressor to
generate accurate predictions.
Optimizing the model using GridSearchCV and evaluating the model performance with MAE, RMSE, and
R-square metrics. Utilizing Pandas and Matplotlib for data exploration and visualization of results.
EDUCATION March 2022 Now
Universitas Negeri Surabaya, Indonesia Bachelor of Information
Technology Engineering
SERTIFICATION
Dicoding Indonesia certified about Machine Learning Python Algorithme April 2024 Jully 2024
Celerates PT Mitra Celerates certified about Data Scientist August 2024- December 2024
Skills
Rangga is able to learn to run python on algorithms using c++ tools or google colabs
Able to run SQL queries using DBeaver or Postgresql tools and able to solve problems with data
Able to operate Excel and check data because it is used in the Dbeaver application to operate data.
Able to understand algorithms in Machine Learning such as clustering algorithms, regression
algorithms, neural networks and others.
Non Teknis
Working together in a team
Able to learn other knowledge
Ready to receive training of work
Adaptif
Komunikatif
Ability to learn quickly
ORGANIZATIONS
Member Big Data Solution Aug 2022 Dec 2022
Big data solution is a Student Organization of Surabaya State University which has teaching and learning activities
in the field of data analysis and SQL queries..
At Big Data Solution I learned:
Innovative and implemented creative solutions, analyzing data analysis to run on SQL queries
Applying the principles of data processing learned in small projects, such as searching tables, filling
columns, or creating flowcharts.
Actively participating in online communities or forums to share experiences, learn from professionals, and
get feedback on data scientists.
Member Python Community Facultas Oct 2021 Oct 2023
Python community faculty is a university-based community group for students interested in python development
technologies..
My activities in Forum are:
Participate in a series of events, workshops, and seminars organized by the Python community faculty to
deepen your understanding of Python technology and developers
Attend events that cover topics such as algorithm development, libraries, and classification models.
Take the opportunity to network with students and technology professionals, exchange information, and gain
insight into industry trends.
ADDITIONAL
Programming Language: HTML5, CSS3, Tailwind, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Java, Python, Golang, PHP,
Reactjs, MySQL, Dbeaver.
Tools: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Google Workspace, , Visual Studio Code, Google
colabs, Postgree SQL
Soft skills: Communicative, Teamwork, User empathy, Problem Solving, Time Management, Analytical
Thinking, Collaborative, Continuous learning, Receptiveness to feedback.
RELEVANT SUBJECTS
Programming (Google Colabs) Grade: A (86+ of 100)
MySQL Querry (SQL) Grade: A (86+ of 100)
Python Machine Learning (Python) Grade: A (86+ of 100)