MAYA DWI LATIFAH
085814717514 | mdwilatifah@gmail.com | https://bit.ly/linkedin_MayaDwiLatifah | https://bit.ly/_portofolio_maya
JL. Budi Swadaya Kebon Jeruk, Jakarta Barat
UI/UX enthusiast with a strong passion for designing intuitive and user-friendly digital experiences. Proficient in user research,
wireframing, prototyping, and usability testing using Figma. Experienced in applying Design Thinking and User-Centered Design
principles to create impactful solutions that enhance user satisfaction. Skilled in collaborating with cross-functional teams, conducting
usability testing, and iterating designs based on data-driven insights. Eager to contribute creativity and problem-solving skills to improve
digital products and user interactions.
Work Experiences
ID/X PARTNERS - Indonesia Apr 2024 - May 2024
Project - Based Intern: Data Scientist Virtual Internship Experience ID/X
Partners | Virtual internship
A virtual internship as a Data Scientist at ID/X Partners
Analyzed and managed loan eligibility data using Python and Pandas to generate insights supporting strategic decision-making
Processed and analyzed 39,833 client records, leading to a 15% improvement in loan evaluation accuracy and reducing decision-making
time by 10%.
Created visual data comparisons using Looker Studio and Tableau, focusing on declined loan data to identify borrowers with over 30
days of arrears, increasing efficiency in credit risk analysis.
PT. INDUSTRI TELEKOMUNIKASI INDONESIA - Indonesia Sep 2021 - Dec 2021
Hardware Engineer | Internship
A state-owned enterprise specializing in the production of telecommunications equipment.
Ensured smooth administrative operations by accurately and promptly inputting data, contributing to improved company operational
efficiency.
Diagnosed and resolved device errors through IP-based functionality testing, leading to a 70% improvement in device performance
and operational efficiency.
Streamlined network configuration, reducing downtime by 20% and improving overall system reliability, resulting in smoother
operations for 30+ telecommunication devices.
Managed packaging and created item identification for over 30 ONT devices, supporting seamless distribution and operations.
.
Education
Universitas Bina Sarana Informatika - Jakarta, Indonesia Sep 2022 - Sep 2026 (Expected)
Mahasiswa in information Systems, 3.96/4.00
Project : UI for a student boarding house application., UI/UX for a website selling rice, UI for a laundry website, UI/UX for a
distribution sales website (e.g., crackers), Analyzing using the C4.5 decision tree algorithm to determine the pass or fail status of a
subject in Aljazair, ERP Design of Sales Information System at PT Surya Inti Aneka Pangan (SIAP).
SMK Telkom Sandhy Putra Jakarta - Jakarta, indonesia Jul 2019 - Jul 2022
Student in Teknik Jaringan Akses Telekomunikasi
Project Experiences
UI/UX Designer | Agen Sri Rizki (Rice Selling Website) | Cengkareng, West Jakarta
Course : interaksi manusia dan komputer (IMK) | https://bit.ly/PortofolioIMK
Understand the principles of optimizing applications for high performance and scalability.
Created consistent desktop visual elements that aligned with the branding of Agen Sri Rizki, including color selection,
typography, and iconography.
Conducted user interviews and surveys to gather insights on user needs and pain points..
Led a team of 3 to design and implement UX standards for a rice-selling website, resulting in a 25% improvement in user satisfaction based
on surveys.
This project demonstrated my ability to translate user needs into user-friendly and effective designs.
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Design of Sales Information System at PT Surya Inti Aneka Pangan (SIAP)
Course : Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) | https://bit.ly/LaporanERP
Analyzed sales workflows to identify inefficiencies and areas for improvement using ERP principles.
Developed an integrated system design to manage orders, inventory, and invoicing for streamlined sales operations.
Conducted requirement analysis with key stakeholders to align the system with business needs and objectives.
Collaborated with the development team to implement features ensuring reliability, scalability, and ease of use.
Tested and validated the system, ensuring its functionality and effectiveness in real-world scenarios.
Data scientist virtual internship experience ID/X partners | https://bit.ly/portofolioHasil
Collected, cleaned, and analyzed large datasets to identify patterns and trends relevant to business goals using tools like Google
Colaboratory, Looker Studio, and Tableau.
Developed predictive models using machine learning techniques to enhance operational efficiency.
Prepared comprehensive data reports and created effective visual presentations to simplify understanding for stakeholders.
Organizational Experience
Himpunan Mahasiswa Sistem Informasi - Jakarta Sep 2022 Sep 2023
Education Division
Fully responsible for designing, managing, and evaluating all forms of collaboration, both with external and internal organizational
parties.
Managed internal and external collaborations to ensure synergy in implementing organizational programs and activities.
Conducted event agenda briefings to various stakeholders, including committee members, within one week.
Guided and assisted participants during events by providing clear directions.
Developed a comprehensive work plan covering event details, objectives, and implementation strategies.
Skills and Certifications
Hard Skills : Data Analytics dan alat visualisasi (spreadsheet, looker studio, google colaboratory, tableau), Microsoft Office (microsoft
word, microsoft excel, microsoft power point), Google form, Jira, UI/UX Designer (Figma, Adobe photoshop, Ilustration, Canva), UX
Writing, User Testing, Prototyping, Workflow Management, Responsive Design, Wireframing, SQL, rapid manner, Alat Pemrograman
(Vscode, Github)
Soft Skills : Communication Skills, Teamwork and collaboration, Problem-solving and decision-making, Creativity and innovation
(user-centered design thinking), Attention to detail, Adaptability and critical thinking, Data visualization skills, Technical proficiency
(Figma, Tableau, Power BI), Understanding of data privacy standards, Analytical thinking, Time management, Conflict resolution,
Detail-Oriented, Curiosit, Initiative, Technical Writing Skills
Course (2025): UI/UX Design - Udemy
Course (2024): Dasar data scientist - Dicoding
Course (2024): Belajar Dasar Structured Query Language (SQL) - Dicoding
Course (2024): Mini Course - Data Analyst Revou
Course (2024): Fundamental Data Analysis - MySkill
Certificate (2024): IT Bootcamp Software Development
Course (2023): Fundamental SQL Using SELECT Statement - DQLab
Certificate (2023): Preinexus Uji Profisiensi Basis Data
Certificate (2020): Sertificate Kompetensi Rangkaian Instalasi Telecom Distribution Technologi