MAYA DWI LATIFAH
085814717514 | mdwilatifah@gmail.com | https://bit.ly/linkedin_MayaDwiLatifah | https://bit.ly/_portofolio_maya
JL. Budi Swadaya Kebon Jeruk, Jakarta Barat
Information Systems student with a strong foundation in Product Management, experienced in feature prioritization, product roadmap
planning, and market research. Skilled in analyzing user data using SQL, Google Analytics, and Excel to drive data-informed product
decisions. Passionate about building user-centric digital solutions through cross-functional collaboration with engineering, design, and
business teams.
Work Experiences
ID/X PARTNERS - Indonesia Apr 2024 - May 2024
Project - Based Intern: Data Scientist Virtual Internship Experience ID/X
Partners | Virtual internship
A virtual internship as a Data Scientist at ID/X Partners
Analyzed and managed loan eligibility data using Python and Pandas to generate insights that support strategic decision-making.
Examined 39,833 client records, improving the accuracy of credit risk evaluation and loan decision-making.
Utilized data analytics to provide insights for product improvements, influencing feature prioritization and risk assessment strategies.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to refine loan evaluation processes, improving efficiency by 15%.
PT. INDUSTRI TELEKOMUNIKASI INDONESIA - Indonesia Sep 2021 - Dec 2021
Hardware Engineer | Internship
A state-owned enterprise specializing in the production of telecommunications equipment.
Improved data accuracy and operational efficiency by maintaining structured data input and reporting.
Conducted functionality testing and troubleshooting using IP addresses, leading to a 70% improvement in device performance.
Managed and labeled over 30 ONT devices, optimizing product tracking and logistics.
.
Education
Universitas Bina Sarana Informatika - Jakarta, Indonesia Sep 2022 - Sep 2026 (Expected)
Mahasiswa in information Systems, 3.96/4.00
Project : UI for a student boarding house application., UI/UX for a website selling rice, UI for a laundry website, UI/UX for a distribution
sales website (e.g., crackers), Analyzing using the C4.5 decision tree algorithm to determine the pass or fail status of a subject in
Aljazair, Developed ERP Sales Information System for PT Surya Inti Aneka Pangan, optimizing inventory and order management.
SMK Telkom Sandhy Putra Jakarta - Jakarta, indonesia Jul 2019 - Jul 2022
Student in Teknik Jaringan Akses Telekomunikasi
Project Experiences
UI/UX Designer for a rice-selling website agen sri rizki Cengkareng, West Jakarta
Course : interaksi manusia dan komputer (IMK) | https://bit.ly/PortofolioIMK
Understand the principles of optimizing applications for high performance and scalability.
Created consistent desktop visual elements aligned with the branding of Agen Sri Rizki, including color selection, typography,
and iconography.
Conducted user interviews and surveys to gather insights on user needs and pain points.
Collaborated with the development team to ensure design implementation met UX standards.
This project demonstrated my ability to translate user needs into user friendly and effective designs.
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Design of Sales Information System at PT Surya Inti Aneka Pangan (SIAP)
Course : Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) | https://bit.ly/LaporanERP
Analyzed sales workflows to identify inefficiencies and areas for improvement using ERP principles.
Developed an integrated system design to manage orders, inventory, and invoicing for streamlined sales operations.
Conducted requirement analysis with key stakeholders to align the system with business needs and objectives.
Collaborated with the development team to implement features ensuring reliability, scalability, and ease of use.
Tested and validated the system, ensuring its functionality and effectiveness in real-world scenarios.
Data scientist virtual internship experience ID/X partners | https://bit.ly/portofolioHasil
Collected, cleaned, and analyzed large datasets to identify patterns and trends relevant to business goals using tools like Google
Colaboratory, Looker Studio, and Tableau.
Developed predictive models using machine learning techniques to enhance operational efficiency.
Prepared comprehensive data reports and created effective visual presentations to simplify understanding for stakeholders.
Organizational Experience
Himpunan Mahasiswa Sistem Informasi - Jakarta Sep 2022 Sep 2023
Education Division
Fully responsible for designing, managing, and evaluating all forms of collaboration, both with external and internal organiz ational
parties.
Managed internal and external collaborations to ensure synergy in implementing organizational programs and activities.
Conducted event agenda briefings to various stakeholders, including committee members, within one week.
Guided and assisted participants during events by providing clear directions.
Developed a comprehensive work plan covering event details, objectives, and implementation strategies.
Skills and Certifications
Hard Skills : Data Analytics dan alat visualisasi (spreadsheet, looker studio, google colaboratory, tableau, Power BI), Microsoft Office
(microsoft word, microsoft excel, microsoft power point), Google form, Jira, UI/UX Designer (Figma, Adobe photoshop, Ilustration,
Canva), UX Writing, Draw.io, flowchart, User Testing, Prototyping, Workflow Management, Responsive Design, Wireframing, SQL,
rapid manner, Alat Pemrograman (Vscode, Github)
Soft Skills : Communication Skills, Teamwork and collaboration, Problem-solving and decision-making, Creativity and innovation
(user-centered design thinking), Attention to detail, Adaptability and critical thinking, Data visualization skills, Technical proficiency
(Figma, Tableau, Power BI), Understanding of data privacy standards, Analytical thinking, Time management, Conflict resolution,
Detail-Oriented, Curiosity, Initiative, Technical Writing Skills, Project Management skill
Course (2024): Dasar data scientist - Dicoding
Course (2024): Belajar Dasar Structured Query Language (SQL) - Dicoding
Course (2024): Mini Course - Data Analyst Revou
Course (2024): Fundamental Data Analysis - MySkill
Certificate (2024): IT Bootcamp Software Development
Course (2023): Fundamental SQL Using SELECT Statement - DQLab
Certificate (2023): Preinexus Uji Profisiensi Basis Data
Certificate (2020): Sertificate Kompetensi Rangkaian Instalasi Telecom Distribution Technologi