Muhammad Iqmal
iqmalsatria4@gmail.com | +62895373640260 | Kuningan, Jawa Barat, indonesia
I am a final-year Industrial Engineering student with experience in Product Management and Researcher
roles at an EduTech company. I also possess skills in organization, time management, design thinking,
problem-solving, and critical thinking. These skills have been demonstrated through my internship and
bootcamp experiences.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Freelance Ads Quality Rater
At Welocalize Sep 2023 June 2024
Close Match Evaluation: Training the algorithm to detect the relationship between keyword and
query.
Page Evaluation Religion: Training the algorithm to detect pages with content about Religion.
Query & Mobile App Match Evaluation: Training the algorithm to detect the suitability of the
mobile app in relation to the query.
Ad Usefulness: Training the algorithm to evaluate to what degree ads serve the purpose of queries.
User Interest Evaluation: Training the algorithm to detect the relevance of the business' products and
services in relation to the user s current interests.
User to Keyword Evaluation: Training the algorithm to detect the relationship between the user s
current interests and the keyword.
Project-Based Virtual Intern : UX Researcher -
Digital Amoeba x Rakamin Academy Mar 2023 Apr 2023
Completing various tasks related to UX Researcher activities at Digital Amoeba, such as UX
Researcher, Design Thinking, Competitive Research Method, Qualitative Research, UX Interview,
Usability Testing, Quantitative Research, AB Testing.
Internship at Widya SEI (Widya Edu)
as a Researcher Feb 2023 Apr 2023
This internship lasted for approximately 3 months at Widya SEI, where the company I interned with,
Widya Edu, operates in the field of edtech and bootcamps. In this company, I served as a Researcher
responsible for product research, market research, and user research. The gathered data was utilized
for decision-making regarding subsequent product development.
EDUCATION
Digital Journalism batch 8 talenthub Kemnaker July 2023
For 2 weeks, I studied various aspects of journalism including understanding journalism, mediums, and
characteristics of mass media, the creative process and reasoning in journalism, news sources and
interview techniques, news writing techniques and journalistic language, news writing styles and opinion
articles, principles of news presentation, journalistic profession and products, and finally, completed a
final project.
Product Management Bootcamp at Binar Academy Aug 2022 Jan 2023
Score Individual Competence: 4.9 out of 5.0
Score Team Work Competency: 4.9 out of 5.0
In the PM bootcamp, I learned how to develop applications from problem statements to prototyping using
design thinking and the agile scrum framework. For my final project, I acted as a product owner in
developing an agribusiness application to assist farmers in expanding their businesses by selling through
e-commerce.
Sekolah Tinggi Teknologi Bandung, Industrian Engineering Jun 2018 Present
GPA : 3.13
Office Tool, Disnakertrans Kuningan Mar 2018 May 2018
At the Disnakertrans in the Office Tool department, I studied Word, PPT, and Excel extensively.
Additionally, we learned how to present task results.
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE
President, STTB Angklung Family Organization 2019 2020
Leading every comprehensive management meeting.
Supervising and ensuring that tasks from each division are carried out effectively.
Taking responsibility for all organizational activities.
Enforcing the overall policies of the management.
Member of Kominfo, STTB Angklung Ensemble Family Organization 2018 2019
Organizing meetings and handling protocols.
Managing the organization's social media platforms.
Documenting activities conducted by the organization.
RECOMMENDATION
Iqmal is an outstanding product researcher with great attention to detail and deep insights. He is also an
exceptional team player with excellent communication skills, bringing positive energy and high enthusiasm
to the team. Additionally, Iqmal is a brilliant critical thinker who can analyze problems, identify solutions,
and execute actions effectively. Overall, I highly recommend Iqmal as a reliable, dedicated, and talented
colleague.
- Rima Cholilah, Researcher of Edspert.id and Widya Edu
SKILLS & CERTIFICATION
Technical : MS Office, Dheet/Excel, Figma, Trello, Maze/Useberry, Adobe Photoshop & Illustrator, SQL
Language : Bahasa Indonesia (Native) and English (Limited Working Proficiency)
Certification : Product Management Certification Binar Academy, Project Management Coursera, Digital
Journalism Talenthub, Researcher Widya SEI, Scrum Master Myskill, UX Researcher Myskill
Soft/Interpersonal : Design Thinking, Agile Scrum, Communication, Problem Solving, Critical Thinking,
Content Writer, Adaptation.
SOCIAL MEDIA LINKS AND PORTFOLIO
Medium
https://medium.com/@iqmalsatria4
Portfolio
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1U1dr25TSPcdw9uT5BmERyqWk-DAnIyX0?usp=sharing
Linkedin
https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhammad-iqmal-2bba90178
REFERENCES
M. Rachmat Setiawan, S.T., M.B.A
Job Title: Project Manager, Product Management Facilitator, Subject Matter Expert Product Management,
Founder Teraskos
Company: Jazz Hipster Corporation, Binar Academy, Teraskos
Phone Number: +6281223292792