Muhammad Asyraf
A 6th semester Informatics student at UPN Veteran Jawa Timur who has an interest in Website Development . Active in
various external organizations to develop Collaboration , Problem Solving , Leadership and Communication skills . In
addition, I also enrich my learning experience by participating in training and certification , strengthening my
understanding in using programming languages and frameworks such as PHP, Javascript, Typescript, ReactJS,
ExpressJS, and Laravel .
Surabaya, East Java | mohasyraf28@gmail.com | +6281357251810 | linkedin.com/in/muhammad-asyraf28/
EDUCATION
Bangkit Academy 2024 By Google, GoTo, Tokopedia, Traveloka Sep 2024 Dec 2024
Cloud Computing Learning Path. GPA 92.4 out of 100
Relevant Classes: Learn Basic Web Programming by Dicoding, Learn Basic Javascript Programming by
Dicoding, Learn to Create Back-End Applications for Beginners with Google Cloud by Dicoding.
Completed the capstone project, PlantRo, a crop rotation recommendation application based on soil and climate
conditions. Where I played a role in creating APIs with Express.JS and configuration on the Cloud Computing
side on Google Cloud Platform.
Universitas Pembangunan Nasional Veteran Jawa Timur Aug 2022 Present
Bachelor of Informatics student. GPA 3.95 out of 4.00
Relevant Classes: Web Programming, Software Engineering, Systems Analysis and Design, Interface Design.
Actively participates in several communities including Global Language Club, Informatics Learning Club, and
GIND.
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE
Forum Mahasiswa dan Alumni Mahasiswa Magetan Sep 2024 Present
Head 3 Integration
Leading 3 divisions namely Documentation & Design, Public Relations & Publication, Information Technology.
Responsible for developing and managing the organization's website to improve access to information and
transparency of activities.
Successfully organized Magetan Campus Expo 2025, a major event involving various universities and participants
from all over Magetan
Ikatan Mahasiswa Magetan di Surabaya Jan 2024 Jan 2025
Chairman
Building and leading an organization with 32 members from various universities in Surabaya.
Forming a Magetan student community in Surabaya with 226 members as a forum for networking and self-
development.
Developing organizational websites using HTML and CSS, as well as feature development plans on the Backend
side.
Conduct monitoring and evaluation of the performance of each division to ensure consistency in carrying out
tasks.
TRAINING & CERTIFICATION
International Web Developer Bootcamp Jun 2024 Sep 2024
SmartPath
Learning Topics: HTML, CSS, VCS/GIT, Javascript, Typescript, ReactJS, Redux, Database (MySQL &
MongoDB), NodeJS for Rest API, ExpressJS.
Developing a website called Recycraft, a marketplace and marketing website for waste crafts as well as an effort
to implement SDGs 9. Where I play a backend role to develop APIs with Express.JS.
Pelatihan Bidang Teknologi dan Informasi 2024 (Laravel For Beginner) Jul 2024 Jul 2024
Informatics Student Association of UPN Veteran Jawa Timur
Learning Topics: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, PHP, Laravel, MySQL.
Creating a restaurant cashier administration website called Cash Flow where there are user authentication features
and CRUD to manage products. In development using Laravel technology with the help of Bootstrap for the
frontend and MySQL database.
Pelatihan Bidang Teknologi dan Informasi 2023 (Web App Interactive) Nov 2023 Dec 2023
Informatics Student Association of UPN Veteran Jawa Timur
Learning Topics: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, Rest API & Deployment.
The Final Project assignment is a website application called Insak (Inspirasi Masak), where the main feature of the
application is to provide cooking recommendations based on the main ingredient category. Development using
Bootstrap technology and Rest API implemented with Javascript.
Junior Web Developer (BNSP) Jul 2023 Aug 2023
Vocational School Graduate Academy Digital Talent Scholarship 2023
Learning Topics: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, PHP, MySQL.
Developing a news portal website as a requirement for passing BNSP certification. The website was developed
using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and PHP technology, and MySQL as a database.
SKILL & LANGUAGE
Hard Skills: HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, Bootstrap, Typescript, NodeJS, ReactJS, ExpressJS, Laravel, Git & Github,
MySQL, MongoDB, Google Cloud Computing.
Soft Skills: Communication, Teamwork, Problem Solving, Time Management, Leadership, Critical Thinking, etc.
Language: Indonesian (Native), English (Intermediate).
Portfolio Link: portfolio.rafsite.com