PUTRI INTAN OCTAVIA BR SIPAYUNG
Surabaya, Indonesia|Email : putriintanss12@gmail.com|+6281319522067| Portfolio :
https://bit.ly/PortfolioPutriIntans |Site : https://www.linkedin.com/in/putriintanobrs/
Sixth-semester student majoring in Information Systems at UPN Veteran East Java. Passionate about UI/UX design and
skilled in using Figma for creating user-friendly and visually appealing interfaces. Highly interested in data and actively
developing expertise in data analysis. Proficient in Python and MySQL, with the ability to analyze data using tools such
as Google Colab, Excel, Tableau, and Looker Studio. Possess a strong analytical mindset and problem-solving skills,
with a commitment to continuous learning and personal growth.
EDUCATION
Universitas Pembangunan Nasional Veteran East Java August 2022 2026 (Expected)
Bachelor of Information Systems, 3.80/4.00
Relevant Courses : Algorithms, Databases, and Database Administration.
EXPERIENCE
Bangkit Academy led by Google, Tokopedia, Gojek, & Traveloka Machine Learning August 2024 - December 2024
Developed a capstone project to detect and diagnose plant diseases using Machine Learning with >97%
accuracy, integrating solutions with Cloud Computing and Mobile Development.
Top 50 Capstone winners in the Product Track, selected from hundreds of teams for project innovation and
excellence.
Alterra Academy X UN Women Indonesia Training UI/UX & Artificial Intelligence August 2024 - September 2024
Completed training in UI/UX Design and AI, with a project focused on gender equality and women's
empowerment aligned with the SDGs.
Designed an app to empower women through tech training, mentorship, networking, and connecting talent
with diverse and inclusive companies.
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE
Member of Google Developer Student Club (GDSC) UPNVJT November 2023 - February 2024
Become an active GDSC member who chooses the machine learning learning path.
Attended the entire series of classes and successfully worked on the final project submission, namely Image
Classification using Google Colab with model.fit until getting an accuracy of 0.984.
Actively participated in seminars held by GDSC as a preparation for the careers needed by the IT world in the
future.
Certification and Course
Machine Learning Specialization, Coursera Start Programming with Python (2024), Dicoding
Learn Data Visualization (2024), Dicoding Introduction to Data Science with R (2024),
DQLab
Machine Learning for Beginners (2024), Python Fundamental with Data Science (2024),
Dicoding DQLab
DeepLearning.AI TensorFlow Developer, Fundamental SQL using Select Statement
Coursera (2024), DQLab
SKILLS
Technical Skills: Programming Language (Python), Data Analysis (SQL, Google Colab, Microsoft Excel, Tableau,
and Looker Studio), and Design (Canva, Draw.io, Power Point, and Figma).
Soft Skills: Problem-solving and Decision-making, Adaptability and Flexibility, Team Collaboration.
Languages: English and Indonesian.