QINTAN INDRI ADINDA
Human Resources Entusiast
Garut, West Java, 44188
qintanindriadinda27@gmail.com | (+62)81281296181
www.linkedin.com/in/qintanadinda |
Summary
Dedicated and proactive Human Resources Intern with hands-on experience in HR
operations, recruitment, and employee engagement. I have demonstrated strong
organizational skills, attention to detail, passionate about continuous learning and
committed to personal and profesional growth and the ability to handle confidential
information with discretio. My internship experience has equipped me with practical
knowledge in supporting HR functions and contributing to the overall efficiency of
the HR department.
Work Experience
COPTERA CAREER
Human Resources Development (Internship) Mei 2024 - August 2024
Key Responsibilities:
Assisted in the recruitment process by screening resumes, scheduling
interviews, and coordinating onboarding activities for new hires.
Assist in planning and conducting orientation sessions to introduce new
employees to the company culture and policies.
Successful screened 10-50 Curiculum Vitae for recruitment.
Provided administrative support to the HR team, including preparing reports,
managing calendars, and organizing HR files.
TUFINE.ID
Host Livestreaming & Content Creator (Part-Time) Oct 2022 - Jan 2023
Key Responsibilities:
Creating engaging and diverse content, increasing audience retention
rates by 30% through the use of creative content and engaging show
insights.
Manage live audience interaction, increasing the level of audience
engagement by 40% through active and responsive live interaction.
Promoted products and brands through sponsorships and collaborations,
resulting in revenue growth and brand exposure achieving a 25%
increase in sponsorship and brand partnership revenue.
IMMIGRATION OFFICE CLASS II NON TPI TASIKMALAYA
Administration Immigration monitoring and enforcement (Internship) Jun 2021 - Nov 2021
Key Responsibilities:
Manage and compile 45 day administration documents, including letters reports
and other important files for the smooth running of other operations.
Make a copy of the lost passport data and take care of the administration of
foreigners who have problems with residence permits.
Tidying up data archives observing foreign workers in the scope of Tasikmalaya.
Carrying out control of illegal settlements of foreign citizens.
FREZH PASKO CAFE
Admin Social Media (Part-Time) Feb 2016 - Nov 2016
Key Responsibilities:
Have experience as an admin, responsible for administrative operations
management.
Increased monthly sales by 50% by increasing product exposure through more
effective online marketing strategies.
Reduced stock-out rate by 30% by introducing a more efficient stock monitoring
system.
Education
JENDERAL ACHMAD YANI UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of International Relations
GPA (3.38/4.00) 2018 - 2023
Skills
Problem-Solving Public Speaking
Negotiation Interviewing Skill
Recuitment Good Communication
Team Work Microsoft Office
Leadership (Office,Excel,Ppt)
Certificates
Dealls Mentoring & Jobs 1-on-1 Mentoring Human Resources Development.
Participate As Delegate Brazil at ONLINE IMMUNITY CONFERENCE 95.0.
In an International discussion Class entitled "Does Covid-19 pandemic wrecked Gender
Equality ? Women Contributed On Handling Pandemic".
Model Asean Meeting Special Summit on Covid-19 as Delegate Indonesia.
The Table Manner Participant of Jenderal Achmad Yani University at Grand Mercure
Bandung.