Rayes Arjunaya Muhammad
0882-1060-9749 | rayesarjunaya1004@gmail.com | Bekasi, West Java
I am a high school graduate majoring in software engineering at SMK Taruna Bangsa, Bekasi City,
West Java. Currently I am studying at Universitas Terbuka majoring in communication science and
Mechanical Engineering, Pancasila University
PENGALAMAN PROFESIONAL
Quality Control Staff January 2023 Desember 2024
PT Toyo Denso Indonesia Bekasi, West Java
Quality Control Molding
1. Carrying out patrols of injection, coating, printing, and laser processes so that the production process is in
accordance with standards.
2. Sheet molding sampling activities.
3. Making a mathematic report of injection, coating, printing, and laser problems.
4. Judgement reject cards made by the PIC.
Quality Control IPP
1. Creation and control of IPP New Model and Mass-Pro measurement data documents, delivery documents.
2. Control of IPP henkaten (change) part measurements
3. Checking related to IPP parts according to schedule.
Quality Control Measurement
1. Measurement of New mold, dies, tooling for new model and add mold (Injection, Stamping, Casting, Coating,
Printing, Laser, Jig, Cord assy).
2. Measurement of Henkaten part in house (internal) and maker.
3. Verification of assy product (Check assy, gata(shake), illumination).
Kitchen Steward Desember 2022 January 2023
PT Boga Group North Jakarta
Operate the kitchen sink, including cleaning the sink and equipment that needs to be washed in it.
Wash all cooking utensils and cutlery in the kitchen thoroughly. As a Consolidation Report Team, we have
succeeded in creating a 70% online approval system based on Google Sheet
Handle cutlery properly and correctly and carefully so that it is not easily damaged and is well maintained.
Manage the supply of detergent for washing dishes and kitchen utensils while cleaning the remaining supplies.
Distribute or deliver food menus from the kitchen to the customer's banquet table.
Help wash vegetables and peel vegetables that will be processed by the chefs in the kitchen.
Deliver and manage the supply of food ingredients in the kitchen to support the performance of the chefs.
Pengalaman Magang
Social Media Specialist August 2021 February 2022
PT DIgiclass Indonesia Bekasi
Develop and execute social media strategies Conduct market research and competitor analysis to identify target
audiences and relevant trends
Create engaging content produce high-quality content across various social media platforms especially Facebook
Monitor and respond to comments, messages, and reviews on social media platforms
PENDIDIKAN
S1 Mechanical Engineering September 2024 Now
Universitas Pancasila South Jakarta, DKI Jakarta
S1 Communication Science February 2023 Now
Universitas Terbuka East Jakarta, DKI Jakarta
SERTIFIKASI
Nikon X-RAY CT Systems (XTV130 Operation) 2023
KEMAMPUAN
Hard-skill Quick Scope, Quick Vision, 3D Microscope, Multitester, Report Analysis, Illumination
Micrometer, Surfcom Nex
Soft-skill Adapt quickly, decision making ability, and good time management, Punctual
Bahasa Indonesia Advanced
Bahasa Inggris intermediate
Bahasa Jepang Beginner