SERLY JUMIATI
085821048916 | serlyjumiati02@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/serly
jumiati-452264323/ | Sungai Raya Dalam, Pontianak, Indonesia
A fresh graduate in Communication with a passion for visual arts, specializing in graphic design and UI/UX design.
With two years of experience in research, visual storytelling, and social media management, I aim to contribute to
innovative projects that enhance digital transformation and user-centered solutions.
Work Experiences
PT. Maja Group Investama - Pontianak, Indonesia Nov 2024 - Present
Social Media Specialist - freelance
Managed social media strategies for two brands: Rakantara Studio (architecture studio) and Arteco Construction (construction
contractor).
Led a two-person team to achieve KPI, including content design, video editing, research, and performance reporting.
Successfully increased engagement by 331K views in one month for Arteco Construction, generating significant potential
leads.
Responsible for weekly reporting and optimizing strategies to enhance brand visibility and campaign effectiveness.
Maharketing Agency - Pontianak, Indonesia Oct 2023 - Nov 2023
Graphic Designer - Intern
Led the development of branding and design initiatives across three distinct brands:INS Interior, Togo Coffee, and Foodist
Cafe.
Crafted and executed innovative creative concepts tailored to the distinct brand identities and target markets of each brand.
Achieved 14,000 views on the project's INS Interior reels, demonstrating effective digital marketing and engagement.
OTCA (One Third Consulting & Abroad) - Remote Jul 2023 - Oct 2023
Graphic Designer - Intern
Managed the visual identity of the German brand @info_jerman, designing a diverse range of weekly content including feed posts,
stories, flyers, booklets, etc.
Actively participated in weekly project pitch meetings, contributing to the development of innovative strategies.
Played a key role in the successful growth of the brand's online presence, contributing to a remarkable increase of 7,000 followers
within just 3 months.
KampoesKoe - Remote Jan 2023 - Apr 2023
Graphic Designer - Intern
Collaborated with a cross functional team of 2 members to develop and execute creative concepts.
Create two to three graphic content weekly for social media purposes using Figma; poster, infographics, Instagram feed, and Instastory
template. Has successfully created over 9 Instagram contents in three months.
Actively participated in weekly project pitch meetings and monthly evaluation, contributing to the development of innovative strategies.
Education
Universitas Tanjungpura - Pontianak, Indonesia Sep 2020 - Jul 2024
Bachelor Degree in Communication, 3.78/4.00
Passed the internal selection of Pekan Kreativitas Mahasiswa (PKM)-RE 2022.
Graduated with cumlaude distinction
Skilvul - Remote Jul 2023 - Dec 2023
Certificate in Kampus Merdeka (MSIB), 90/100
Studied under full bootcamp scholarship from the Ministry of Education and Culture.
Focus on User Experience Design, User Interface Designing & Prototyping, and Managing Group Dynamics.
Collaborated with 2 team members to complete a UI/UX challenge on the theme of entrepreneurship.
Final product was the website "Deni.Id (Digital Entrepreneur Indonesia)" which received an A grade.
Hacktiv8 - Remote Feb 2023 - Jun 2023
Certificate in Kampus Merdeka (MSIB), 83/100
Studied under full bootcamp scholarship from the Ministry of Education and Culture.
Collaborated effectively with team members on 3 group assignments,addressing real world design challenges. Developed innovative
solutions while adhering to best UI/UX practices.
Independently completed 4 challenging assignments, showcasing proficiency in individual design thinking and problem solving which
received an A grade
Organizational and Committee Experiences
KBP (Kuliah Bareng Praktisi) Untan - Pontianak Jan 2023 - Mar 2023
Head of Media Division & Graphic Designer
Leading 4 team members to achieve the goals of the media division.
Created graphic contents for event purposes; logo, poster, certificate,name tag, proposal cover, and Fundraising Division project.
Has successfully released more than 15 contents; Instagram feeds, Instastories, Aftermovie, and poster.
DUTY (Debating Union of Tanjungpura University) - Pontianak Feb 2022 - Feb 2023
Head of Public Relations Division & Graphic Designer
Leading 5 team members to achieve the goals of the PR division. Has been successfully increased more than 150 followers during
February-December.
Coordinated media relations and managed relation between organizations.
Created and managed contents for DUTY's Instagram feed. Has successfully released more than 40 Instagram contents.
YPA (Yayasan Panti Asuhan) Ayani - Pontianak Nov 2022 - Dec 2022
Graphic Designer and Social Media Admin
Planned a digital campaign with the theme "Care For Better Future" and successfully gained 40 followers in 4 days.
Worked with 4 team members to planned content on a weekly basis. Has successfully released more than 40 contents during November-
December.
Created graphic contents and managed interface of Instagram daily November-December.
Coordinated public needs with the institutions.
KNP (Ketimbang Ngemis Pontianak) - Pontianak Feb 2022 - Feb 2023
Staff of Creative Division
Planned and Coordinated social activities with inspirational figures with over 15 members in a team
Doing weekly or monthly interview with inspirational figures for Instagram content
COMMWEEK 2021 Sep 2021 - Dec 2021
Staff of Media Division
Worked closely with 4 members of the media division to managed Instagram using Photoshop, Canva, and Filmora.
Responsible for documenting activities and editing; creative section, training section, and judging.
Became a Design Mentor and Photography Coach during the training section.
Award and Skills
Award: 3rd Winner Short Movie Contest Commweek UNTAN (2020), 1st Winner Video Contest Public Service Ads Commday 9 UAD
(2021), Intern of the Month OTCA (2023), & Best Intern K-Innovator of the Month KampusKoe (2023).
Design: User Experience User Interface Physical and Digital Prototyping Visual Design Wireframing Low-High Fidelity Mockups
Social Media Design.
Research: User Interviews User Testing Information Architecture Journey Mapping Quantitative Analysis A/B Testing Competitor
Analysis Design Strategy.
Software: Photoshop Figma Trello Notion Google Workspace Ms Office Canva Inkscape Capcut.
Visual Design: Poster Design Branding Typography Iconography Book Design Web Design.
Other Skills: Project Management Video editing Communication Teamwork Public Relations English (intermediate) Public
Speaking.