Zaeef Alvin Maulana
Bekasi, Indonesia
WA: +62-8199-8048-304 | zaeefalvin09@gmail.com | Linkedin: Zaeef Alvin Maulana | Behance: Zaeef Alvin
I am an active student at Universitas Pembangunan Nasional Veteran Jakarta, majoring in DIII Information Systems, who has
an interest in technology and has a creative talent who is always looking for challenging opportunities to learn and develop in
order to have a greater impact. I am also a realistic person in setting targets or goals and always strive to achieve those goals
in a good and efficient way, I also have high motivation and enthusiasm in working.
Education
Universitas Pembangunan Nasional Veteran Jakarta - Jakarta, Indonesia July 2021- Now
Undergraduate in Information Systems, 3.89/4.00
Active in student organizations, where I volunteer as a mentor for web programming and graphic design study clubs and
often become PIC activities.
Experience
PT Triatra Sinergia Pratama (Member of Astra) - Jakarta, Indonesia Feb 2024 - June 2024
UI/UX Designer
Contributed to 3 projects: Dikantor application for employees or internal, CORE application for customer applications
and VICON application for company vendors.
Analyzed the needs of web-based and mobile application development, and made prototyping of all 3 projects.
Create attractive and intuitive interface designs for applications, and create application logos for projects.
Collaborate with developers to align project goals and needs.
DAV PROSYAR - Bekasi, Indonesia Sep 2018 - Des 2018
Administrator & Wordpress Developer
Responsible for designing all company needs and creating articles.
Fully responsible for Property Sales Website and Property Data management.
Organization Experience
MBKM Actualization of State Defense UPNVJ 2024 - Bogor, Indonesia September 2024
Trainers
Provide basic and advanced material on the concept of state defense, including national values,
and the relevance of state defense in everyday life. Delivering materials with interactive and contextual
methods so that participants can easily understand and internalize these values.
Lead physical exercises and state defense simulations such as marching, basic tactics, and team-building
activities that strengthen participants' discipline, cooperation, and mental resilience. Supervise field
practices to ensure participants' safety, accuracy, and understanding.
Evaluate participants' skills and understanding during debriefing activities, recording individual and
group progress and providing constructive feedback.
MBKM Actualization of State Defense UPNVJ 2023 - Bogor, Indonesia August 2023 November 2023
Head of MBKM ABN Faculty of Computer Science
Developed Tanjungsari village website using SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) method.
Held healthy Internet and cyberbullying socialization to 70+ students of SDN 03 Tanjungsari.
Helping 15+ local MSMEs to digitize their business to the internet and market to E-Commerce.
Multimedia In Action 2023 KSM Multimedia UPNVJ - Jakarta, Indonesia Sept 2023 November 2023
Head of Publication, Documentation and Design Division
Create concepts, ideas, and design themes for national competition events.
Create designs using Adobe Photoshop CS6, Canva and Figma applications.
Introduction to Student Leadership Environment FIKES UPNVJ - Jakarta, Indonesia Sept 2023
Speaker
Became a speaker at the PLMBK activity of FIKES S1 Nursing Study Program.
Presented material on Leadership, Marching and State Defense for new students.
8th National Seminar of Computer Science and Application Students 2023 - Jakarta, Indonesiaa
June 2023 August 2023
Vice Chairman
Represents the Chairman of the Board of Commissioners in his absence.
Guiding and supervising board members in accordance with their respective duties.
Coordinating and responsible for the Materials and Proceedings, Administration and Registration divisions,
as well as equipment and commodities.
Workshop Tech For Society KSM Android UPNVJ - Jakarta, Indonesia Feb 2023 Mei 2023
Project Officer
Lead the committee recruitment program using Trello application.
Lead 30+ committee members of UPNVJ Android KSM TFS.
Conducted a workshop on creating a website-based landing page attended by 70+ students of
SMAN 70 Bulungan.
UPNVJ Multimedia KSM Graphic Design Study Club - Jakarta, Indones Feb 2023 Sept 2023
Graphic Design Mentor
Creating graphic design learning syllabus for one semester.
Taught Graphic Design using Adobe Photoshop CS6 application.
Lead graphic design study club activities, including scheduling and meeting agendas, preparing study materials, and
facilitating discussions and activities.study materials, and facilitating discussions and creative activities.
Responsible for delivering graphic design instruction to more than 45 students.
FIGHTER PREPARATION & FIK GOES TO CHAMPHION - Jakarta, Indonesia March 2023 - Apr 2023
Staff PDD
Work closely with the organizing team to ensure that all designs meet the needs and requirements that have been set.
Create certificate designs for workshop participants.
Open Recruitment KSM Android UPNVJ - Jakarta, Indonesia Sept 2022 - Oct 2022
Staff of Trial Study Club
Supervise prospective members during Study Club with 190+ students.
Report the results of supervision of prospective members to the Head of Division and Chief Executive Officer.
Checking the attendance list, activity, and assignment collection of prospective members during Study Club.
STRING (Study Sharing) 2022 - Jakarta, Indonesia Sept 2022 - Oct 2022
Web Programming Mentor
Teaching web programming using HTML, CSS and javascript programming languages.
Creating materials about web programming
License and Certification
Certiport A Person VUE Business
IT Specialist Data Analytics
National Professional Certification Agency (BNSP)
Junior Web Programmer
RevoU Mini Course
Product Management
Skills and Interest
Hard Skills: HTML, PHP, CSS, Javascript, Python, UI/UX Designer, Design Graphic.
Soft Skills: Leadership, Teamwork, Problem Solving, Time Management, Communication, Adaptibility and Growth
Mindset.
Tools: Figma, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Ilutrator, Adobe XD, Maze, Marvel App, Visual Studio Code, PHPMyAdmin,
Draw.io, Notion, Trello, Microsoft Office, Google Workspace, Sony Vegas Pro.
Interest: Technology and Sustainable Development.
Language: Indonesian Native Speaker; Limited Working Proficiency in English.