Dila Mekarila
dila02mekarila@gmail.com | +6285895234788 | www.linkedin.com/in/dilamekarila | Yogyakarta
Psychology graduate with experience in the field of people development. Possess hands-on
experience in people development, employee recruitment, competency assessment, human resources
planning, psychology administration, performance evaluation, and event management. Currently
looking to continue the development of skills in the field of human resources management and
psychological counselling.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Psychology, Islamic University of Indonesia 2020 2024
GPA: 3.68/4.00
INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCES
Staff HRD of People Development, MSIB Batch 6 PT. Bersama Zatta Jaya Tbk (Elcorps) 2024
Create Brand Guideline material Elzatta and Dauky for introduction presentation and conducted
induction to new employees.
Developed 15-20 pre-test and post test modules for Elzatta and Dauky store employee training
activities.
Designed and execution internal company events with approximately 260 participants.
Analyzed employee job profiles in 17 departments and helped facilitate training as moderator
and zoom facilitator.
Designed and execution an event for MSIB internship at elcorps with around 80 participants.
Made syllabus for company visit from SEBI with 60 participants.
Creating reports and MoMs for training assessments and employee promotions.
Evaluated the effectiveness of employee training and internal company events.
Assisted the recruitment position to conduct interviews for independent internship candidates.
Psychologist Assistant, Biro Psikologi Fokus Center Yogyakarta 2024
Creating psychoeducational content on Instagram and tiktok.
Managed administering and scoring psychological tests.
Observe clients before therapy session and making educational toys for early childhood.
Create psychological examination results (HPP).
ACADEMIC EXPERIENCES
Departement of Psychology UII 2022- 2023
Understand the use of psychological test tools. Conduct case analysis on testees to further determine
the intervention to be given according to the instructions of the psychological test tool.
Practicum Thematic Apperception Test (TAT)
Practicum of Organizational Assessment and Intervention
Practicum of Experimental Research Methods
Practicum Assessment of Children and Adolescents
Practicum Assessment of Adult
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCES
Director of Internal Development, FPCI Chapter UII 2021 2022
Periodically analyzing the potential development strategy of FPCI Chapter UII members.
Lead 8 members to coordinate in implementing several work programs.
Successfully implemented 8 events with 4 work program concepts and an average of 60+
participants.
Trial Adhikari of Departement Social Community, LEM UII 2021 2022
Contributed in assisting the teaching program in the target village with 30 child participants and
carried out social services.
Conceptualizing a work program regarding the provision of university scholarships.
Staff of Departement Public Relation, FPCI Chapter UII 2020 2021
Successfully managed and strengthened communication with other University FPCI Chapters by
performing cold emails, cold calling, and setting up official meetings between the organizations.
Coordinated over 5 joint events featuring seamless teamwork between 6+ divisions with 60+
members.
Responsibly represent the organization by attending and participating in any invited events at the
FPCI Chapter or FPCI Central level, showing active participation and contributing to 100%
attendance at all events.
SKILL & ABILITIES
Adaptive Google Suite
Communicative Teamwork
Problem Solving Administration
Time Management Psychological test
Microsoft Office Event Management