FITRIA NOVYANTI TAUFIK
Jln Rawagabus, Gg Melati 1 | +62 896-5583-6298 | fitrianovyaufik@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/fitria-novyanti-taufik
PROFIL
I am an undergraduate student in Informatics at Singaperbangsa University, with a focus on
efficiently managing and applying technology. With over a year of experience in Cloud Computing
and Data Management Systems, along with relevant certifications, I have developed strong
problem-solving skills and the ability to optimize systems. Quick to learn and adaptable, I thrive in
dynamic environments and am eager to apply my knowledge to real-world challenges in system
management and technology optimization.
EDUCATION
Universitas Singaperbangsa Karawang - Karawang, West Java 2022 - Present
Majoring of Informatics | Concentration in Cloud Computing, Networking, and Systems
Management
Current GPA : 3,83/4.00
Relevant courses: Computer Networks, Object Oriented Programming, Software Engineering,
Operating Systems.
EXPERIENCES
Studi Independen Bangkit Academy 2024 By Google, GoTo, Sep 2024 - Dec 2024
Traveloka - Cloud Computing Learning Path
Study the architecture and workings of cloud computing on the Google Cloud Platform.
Build a backend and frontend application project.
Develop a cloud architecture-based application project.
Create a final project in the form of the SAPA (Sign Language Personal Assistant) application
in real-time.
HIMPUNAN MAHASISWA INFORMATIKA - Karawang, West Java
Treasurer of HIMTIKA Jan 2024 - Dec 2024
Optimized budget allocations by 80%, enhancing financial management efficiency, while
ensuring transparent financial reporting to foster accountability and trust within the
Informatics Student Association.
Vice Treasurer of HIMTIKA Jan 2023 - Dec 2023
optimized budget allocations by 20% and streamlined cash management within the
organization, while ensuring transparent financial reporting to enhance accountability and
trust.
Volunteer - Karawang, West Java
Peer Mentor at the PKKMB event at Singaperbangsa University Karawang (2024) Juli 2024
Served as a Peer Mentor at the PKKMB event, providing guidance and support to new
students at Singaperbangsa University Karawang (2024).
PROJECT EXPERIENCE
SAPA (Sign Languange Personal Assistant) December 2024
Designed application architecture and set up the environment on Google Cloud Platform
(GCP), including infrastructure setup, scalability management, and service integration for
efficient and secure operation.
IoT-based Plant Watering System using Fuzzy Mamdani Juni 2024
Designing the IoT-based Plant Watering System using Fuzzy Mamdani and preparing the
corresponding report.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Programming Language: Javascript, PHP
Hard Skills: Administrative Software (Microsoft Office and Google Workspace), Fundamental
Cloud Computing Concepts, Product Development, Technical Documentation and Reporting,
Backend Development, Git, and GitHub.
Soft Skills: Communication, Problem Solving, Team Work, Adaptability, Time Management.
Languages: Indonesia (Native) & English (limited)
TRAINING & COURSES
ASEAN Data Science Explorers 2024 Enablement Session SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP
Build Apps Online Training Session
Alibaba Cloud Certified Developer
Coogle Cloud Computing Foundations Certificate
Menjadi Google Cloud Engineer by Dicoding
Belajar Penerapan Machine Learning dengan Google Cloud by Dicoding
Data Analytics certified online course offered by RevoU
Financial Reports Analysis and Audit by MySkill
Network Administrator Muda (Junior Network Administrator) - Okupasi by BPPTIK
Pengembang Web Pratama (Junior Web Developer) - Okupasi by BPPTIK
Training Women in Technology: Python for Business by Puslitbang SDP31