MONICA BUTARBUTAR
081260761766 | monicabutarbutar04@gmail.com | LinkedIn | Medium | Behance
Jakarta, Indonesia
Monica is a fresh graduate with experience in business development and app development. She has achieved recognition by winning
international WWDC competitions through creative app creation. As a fast learner and adaptable individual, Monica is passionate about
analyzing, designing, and developing solutions. She possesses critical and analytical thinking skills, design thinking, and hands-on design
research expertise to deliver effective and useful solutions. She excels in both individual and team environments with strong communication and
collaboration skills.
Work Experiences
DiTenun - Toba, Indonesia Aug 2022 - Jan 2023
Business and Design
DiTenun is a start-up that focuses on creating digital weaving motifs through AI-based applications.
Created a successful partnership with local MSMEs Batikta and Kaldera Toba.
Designed ulos patterns using DiTenun software that were transformed into Toba souvenir products at Batikta.
Executed a training workshop on DiTenun Design Software for Toba artisans and weavers.
Fishcus - Batam, Indonesia Oct 2023 - Dec 2023
UI/UX Designer
Fishcus is an app that assists college student in maintaining focus by offering the Flowtime method to sustain concentration levels and by
providing focus-stimulating games.
Conducted 9 user interviews to gather insights.
Created empathy maps, user personas, and user journey mappings based on research findings.
Built and improved the design system to implement a user-friendly interface.
Executed 3 design iterations with feedback from target users.
Conducted usability testing to collect user feedback and resolve interface issues.
Insight+ - Batam, Indonesia May 2023 - Jun 2023
iOS Developer and Researcher
Insight+ is an iPadOS app that allows Junior UX Researchers to actively engage with respondents throughout the interview process without
the hassle to record, taking notes, and timekeeping in different apps. Seamlessly record and capture key insights with just a tap!
Develop the application from the designed concept.
Utilized SwiftUI, CoreData, and AVFoundation frameworks to improve app functionality.
ToneBuddy - Batam, Indonesia Apr 2023
iOS Developer and Designer
ToneBuddy is an app that helps increase self-confidence and self-love for teenagers by checking undertone colors and providing
recommendations for each undertone.
Created an app to help teenagers build self-confidence through undertone color checks and recommendations.
Developed and executed the app within 2 weeks, achieving success in ideation, design, and coding.
Achieved victory in Apple s international Swift Student Challenge WWDC 2023.
Designed all hand-drawn app assets using Sketchbook.
HyBit - Batam, Indonesia Mar 2023 - Apr 2023
UI/UX Researcher & Designer
HyBit is a native iOS app that help tracking the water intake for office worker by calculating their water needs based on the weight and
remind them to drink so that they can built a better drinking habit.
Conducted competitive analysis with 3 similar apps.
Designed and improved an intuitive user interface and prototype using Figma.
Executed wireframing and created high-fidelity interfaces and prototypes from scratch.
Connect Up - Batam, Indonesia Jun 2023 - Jul 2023
UI/UX Designer
Connect Up is an app that help maintain professional network for job seeker by emphasizing the organization of their contacts and setting up
reminders to consistently follow up with connections.
Conducted research with targeted user criteria.
Designed wireframes and prototypes for enhanced user experience.
Created application profile documentation to support the development process.
Institut Teknologi Del - Toba, Indonesia Sept 2022 - Nov 2022
Physics Laboratory Assistant
Assisted 60+ first-year students in Basic Physics courses.
Handled and executed 6 practicum sessions.
Provided tutorials to clarify and resolve student queries.
Education Level
Apple Developer Academy - Batam, Indonesia Feb 2023 - Dec 2023
Certificate of Completion
Achieved recognition as Apple s WWDC23 Swift Student Challenge Winner.
Created and launched the Fishcus app on the App Store.
Institut Teknologi Del - Toba, Indonesia Sept 2020 - Aug 2024
Bachelor Degree in Engineering Management, 3.82/4.00
Recognized as an outstanding student candidate for 2022.
Part-time as physics laboratory assistant for 3 months
Successfully published 2 papers in the same year 2023
Successfully achieved Mechanical Design Solidworks certification
University of Amsterdam - Amsterdam, Belanda Nov 2021 - Nov 2024)
Pre-Master Student in Business Administration
Completed preliminary courses in Leadership, Marketing Research, Business Strategy, and Marketing Strategy.
Organizational Experience
Badan Pengurus Harian Nov 2020 - Aug 2024
Secretary
Organization that represents the students of cohort 2020 at Institut Teknologi Del.
Created and distributed official announcements.
Managed correspondence and data archiving.
Improved activity and meeting agendas for organizational efficiency.
6th Del Mathematics and Science Competition Apr 2022
Master of Ceremonies
Annual competition held by UPT Science & Mathematics and SEB Institut Teknologi Del. It was attended by high school and vocational
students throughout Toba and its surroundings.
Executed event activities according to the rundown.
Provided instructions to participants to ensure smooth event operations.
Student Council Representative Jun 2021 - Jun 2023
Head of Administration and Secretarial Divisio
The highest student organization that supervises the implementation of student organization activity programs and as a forum for student
representatives in charge of accommodating and channeling student aspirations in the university environment.
Coordinated activities and programs of the Student Executive Board.
Improved collaboration between student organizations by formulating actionable decisions.
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
Projects (2023): 5 iOS App: Fishcus, Connect Up, Insight+, HyBit, ToneBuddy
Projects (2022): Stereos Desk Organizer, Solar Oven
Achievements :
2024 : Delegate - Huawei Seeds For The Future Asia Pasific
2023 : Winner - Apple Swift Student Challenge WWDC
2023 : 2nd Winner - Academy Badminton Club Tournament
2023 : Semifinalist - 'UI Innovation War X Titipku' Business Case Competition
2022 : 1st Winner - Institute-Level MIPA Olympiad
2022 : 1st Winner - Safe Cosmetics Ambassador of BPOM RI
2019 : Finalist - Bioprocess Essay Competition
Hard Skills: Design UX Research User Testing (Concept Testing, Usability Testing, A/B Testing) User-centered Design
Design System Figma Sketch App
Soft Skills: Agile Development Product Management Problem-Solving Collaboration Communication