NOVIONA MARATHUS SHOLIHAH
0813-5504-5905 | nmarathuss@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/noviona-ms-19a46b197 | https://
nmsporto.vercel.app/
Bandung, JawaBarat
I am a student majoring in Informatics Engineering at the National Institute of Technology (ITENAS). I am
passionate about leveraging technology to solve complex problems and create innovative solutions. With a focus
on developing efficient, well-structured applications, I enjoy working on projects that enhance user experiences
and drive impactful results. My goal is to continuously improve my skills and contribute to meaningful
advancements in the field of technology.
Pendidikan
Institut Teknologi Nasional (ITENAS) - Bandung - Bandung, Indonesia
Bachelor of Informatics Engineering
Work Experiences & Projects
PT JARI Teknologi Informasi - Bandung, Indonesia Nov 2023 - Feb 2024
Internship Fullstack Website Developer
Collaborated with the UI/UX team to enhance the user interface and responsiveness of applications.
Developed and maintained web applications using Laravel for internal and external company needs.
Optimized application performance through caching and database management using MySQL, resulting in a 30% improvement in
load times.
Contributed to front-end feature development using Bootstrap and Vue.js, and integrated back-end with REST API.
Personal Projects
E-Commerce Fashion Shop
An e-commerce platform designed for a fashion store, offering features like product catalog, shopping cart management, and online
payment integration
Built using Laravel for back-end, SCSS for dynamic styling, and REST API for seamless communication.
Focused on delivering a responsive and user-friendly shopping experience.
Technologies: Laravel, SCSS, REST API
Community Service
Pulus (Website Pengepul Sampah)
A platform connecting waste collectors with communities for recycling or selling waste, promoting sustainability.
Developed with React and Laravel, using Supabase as the backend.
Designed an intuitive interface to encourage recycling initiatives.
Technologies: React, Laravel, CSS
Pengalaman Organisasi
Innovative Workingspace Integrated Living Laboratory (I-WILL) ITENAS Jul 2024 - Present
Advisor
I-WILL is an lab that focusing on Game Technology, Robotics, and IoT to foster innovation and collaboration among researchers,
students, and industry partners.
Provided guidance and support for research and development projects in the lab.
Worked with supervisors and the Research and Development(RND) division to select and evaluate prospective members and
research ideas.
Contributed to maintaining high standards of discipline and innovation within the laboratory environment.
Badan Eksekutif Keluarga Mahasiswa (BE-KM) ITENAS Sep 2021 - Sep 2022
General Secretary
Managed all meeting agendas and important documentation for 20+ meetings, ensuring effective communication among
organizational members.
Assisted in drafting the annual work plan and budget for BE-KM activities, optimizing the use of available funds by 15%.
Lead the coordination team for student events, ensuring high student engagement, achieving an average participation rate of 80% in
events.
Collaborated for internal and external interests to strengthen the organization's network, including campus and external communities.
Badan Eksekutif Keluarga Mahasiswa (BE-KM) ITENAS - Bandung, Indonesia Aug 2020 - Aug 2021
Staff Of Finance
Responsible for managing and recording finances for 10+ programs and activities organized by BE-KM.
Prepared monthly and annual financial reports that are transparent and accountable, leading to a 100% accuracy rate in financial
documentation.
Managed the procurement of goods for organizational activities, ensuring efficient and appropriate budget use, achieving cost savings of
10%.
Collaborated with other divisions to prepare funding proposals that successfully obtained sponsorships for student activities.
Himpunan Mahasiswa Informatika (HMIF) - Jakarta Sep 2019 - Aug 2023
Staff
Actively contributed to the planning and implementation of planned programs.
Assisted in the preparation of activity proposals and presentations.
Coordinated with other event teams in the preparation and execution of various HMIF programs, ensuring activities ran on schedule
and met participant targets.
Kemampuan, Penghargaan, dan Kompetisi
Projects: Developed an E-commerce Platform using Laravel, achieving a 95% user satisfaction rating; Created a Content Management
System (CMS) that streamlined content publishing by 40%.
Soft Skills: Team Work, Problem Solving, Leadership
Hard Skills: Web Development. Proficient in Laravel, MySQL, Bootstrap, React.js.
Certifications (2024): Microsoft Office Specialist: Excel Associate (Office 2019)
Achievements (2024): IndonesiaNEXT Season 8 Best 1000 Talent
Achievements (2023): IndonesiaNEXT Season 7 Best 2000 Talent