ADINDA APRILIA
| adinda.aprilia02@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/adindaaprilia | https://bit.ly/portfolioAdinda
A final-year student at University of Singaperbangsa Karawang. I ve experience in community education, Learning designer for early
childhood education, and social media organizer. I have communication skills, a quick learner and also eager to learn new things, and the
ability to work both independently, and as part of a team. Highly interested on learning and development and social media marketing
fields
Education Level
Universitas Singaperbangsa Karawang Jun 2021 -
Kegiatan dan masyarakat: Tutor Paket B dalam Study Excursie by Himapenmas UNSIKA
Independent Study MSIB Batch 6 Digital Marketing Corporate Innovation Asia - CIAS Feb 2024 - Jun 2024
Analyzize Value Proposition Canvas dan Business Model Canvas UMKM Klopack.
Implementing digital marketing and internet marketing strategies to boost visibility and appeal for UMKM products and social media
presence.
Developed content for @klopackind social media platform and marketing.
Improving social media insights, covering aspects such as appearance, profile activity, reach, impressions, leads, and conversions.
SMAN 9 Bekasi Jul 2018 - May 2021
Senior High School
Members of Mading 9 BPJS
Public Relations Explosive 3.0 Mading 9 BPJS
Work Experiences
PAUD Plamboyan 3 Karawang - Karawang Aug 2024 - Nov 2024
Teaching Assistant
Assist the homeroom teacher when teaching in class.
Responsible prepared material class for teaching and handled kids for finished the worksheet.
Responsible for documenting children's learning activities
Klopack Feb 2024 - Jul 2024
Staff of Digital Marketing
My job involves playing the role of a digital marketer. I am responsible for reminding, coordinating and maximizing performance in
mentoring UMKM with my team. Additionally, I serve as a content creator, talent, and editor for UMKM content.
Developed and executed content strategies across email, social media, paid ads, SEO, and e commerce, driving significant growt
Created and designed innovative and creative content for social media platforms to increase brand awareness and boost sales of
standing pouch packaging products to the target audience.
Managed Meta Ads and TikTok Ads Campaign, analyzing campaign performance and preparing reports with strategic recommendations.
Engaging directly with customers through comments to improve brand awareness and interaction
Organisational Experience
Kawan Bestari Mar 2024 - Aug 2024
Copywriter
Writing content scripts and copywriting captions on educational and social issues for Instagram posts at @kawanbestari_
Coordinating content development with the social media team for 6 months
CESA FEST 2023
Staff Publikasi Desain Dokumentasi
Responsible for documenting activities during events
Planning the content timeline for publication on Instagram
Designing posters, Instagram feeds, and Instagram Story templates for event needs
Whytboard Aug 2021 - Mar 2022
Copywriter
Brainstorm with the marketing communications team regarding content ideas every week
Post content on Instagram feeds according to the timeline
Research trends related to content needs
Create captions for Instagram and TikTok to increase engagement
Kakak Asuh Bekasi - Bekasi Dec 2021 - Sep 2022
Desain, Publikasi, dan Branding
Kakak Asuh is a non-governmental (non-profit) organization which operates in the field of social education. This organization delivers
a forum for students to participate in helping Indonesian education by providing teaching to underprivileged elementary school students
sufficient
Manage and publish content for social media need @KA_Bekasi on Instagram
Responsible for branding Kakak Asuh social media accounts with information about education and children
Documenting activities and assist the social media team with concept Instagram post design.
Skills and Project
Soft Skills: teamwork, problem solving, communications skill, creative thinking, content strategy.
Hard Skills: content writing, copy writing, content making, teaching, social media managing
Editing: canva, capcut, inshot
Video Conferencing: Zoom, Google Meeting
Projects (2023): Diesnatalis HIMA Penmas FKIP Unsika (CESA FEST) is an annual event organized by the Interests and Talents
Division of the Community Education Student Association at Singaperbangsa Karawang University. It is held as part of the Dies Natalis
celebration, consisting of arts and sports activities involving active Community Education students.
Projects (2024): KKN UNSIKA 2024 Community Service Program Activities
Projects (2023): Observation of Non-Formal Education Program Management: This project focuses on observing and analyzing the
management of non-formal education programs (PNF) implemented at Modesta Course and Job Training Institute (LKP Modesta)