Antonius Ryonathan Purwanto
Kota Bandung, Jawa Barat, Indonesia

antoniusryo24@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/antoniusryonathanpurwanto/
I am a fresh graduate in Informatics Engineering from Universitas Komputer Indonesia with a strong interest
in User Experience (UX) Research, Design, and User Interface (UI). I enjoy brainstorming ideas and nding
solutions to problems. I am highly motivated, communicative, and able to work both independently and as
part of a team.
Work Experience
UI/UX Design PT. AccSEC Priority
September 2023 - Oktober 2023 | Bandung
- Conducting Research
- Make a Website Design
- Create a Company System Design
- Hand over the design that has been made to the developer
Education Level
Universitas Komputer Indonesia
Informatics Engineering 2020 - 2024
- Learn basic HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Focus on Human-Computer Interaction
- Creating Management Information System
- I am studying the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process to understand how software is planned,
developed, tested, and maintained.
My nal project focused on designing an interaction design for dyslexic children aged 6-11 to support social
and emotional learning, based on the Individual Educational Program at the Child Development Center in
Bandung. The project resulted in a native prototype of a platformer game designed to engage and interest
dyslexic children.
Startup Campus
UI/UX Design Track 2023
- Conducting user research to de ne goals.
- Creating user personas, customer journey maps, and user stories based on user research.
- Developing solutions based on user research and prioritizing them using metrics.
- Analyzing information architecture and user ow.
- Creating a design system and high- delity prototypes.
- Conducting user testing using ISO/IEC 9241-11 metrics to measure effectiveness, ef ciency, and satisfaction.
My nal project focuses on designing a user-friendly, trustworthy, and engaging dating application by
applying the Design Thinking methodology. The goal is to enhance the user experience by understanding
user needs, iterating on solutions, and ensuring an intuitive and enjoyable interaction.
Skill
User Experience Research
User Experience Design
User Interface Design
User Testing
Communication
System Analyst
Language
Indonesian Fluent
English Intermediate