AULYA RAUDAH ANNABILA
Tangerang | Phone: 081282582539 | Email: aulyaraudahannabila@gmail.com
Linkedin: Aulya Raudah Annabila
SUMMARY
Agile learner, hard-worker and organized industrial engineering student. Have a history in working as a
team. Finding internship experience in the fields of Project or Product Management, Human Resource,
Marketing Analyst, and other related fields.
EDUCATION
Universitas Singaperbangsa Karawang (2021 - 2025)
Bachelor of Industrial Engineering - GPA: 3.79 (109 from 144 Credits Taken)
WORK EXPERIENCES
Product Management Intern at Pilih Jurusan Feb/Jun 2024 (MBKM)
Doing research on various features of the website Pilih Jurusan such as admin website features,
coaching features, and workshops.
Make a list of features of the results of the research done, one of them on the admin website Pilih
Jurusan.
Preparing a product requirement document for the Website Admin Select Course
Create a low-fidelity design from admin website features and coaching and workshop features.
Organize the flow of various features of the website. Select the major areas, including the flow of
transactions, features of my services, coaching features, and workshops.
Live discussions with fellow Product Management colleagues and with other teams such as
Frontend Engineer, Backend Engineer and UI/UX engineers, including delivering tasks and
following up on the progress of other teams.
Project Management Intern at DOT Indonesia - Feb/Jul 2023
Explore about Project/Product Management related, such as Agile & Waterfall project, Scrum
Method Things (Sprint, Planning, Retrospective), Manual User Book for Client, Task Management
using Spreadsheet ang Gitlab, Figma.
Member on 2 Agile based project as PM that follow Sprint day to day activity, planning, task
management, and creating Manual User Book.
Collaborate with other roles on Software Development team, such as Frontend Engineer,
Backend Engineer, Quality Assurance, UI/UX, and System Analyst.
PROJECT EXPERIENCES
Project of Information System Design Laboratory Course - Oct 2022/Jan 2023
Collaborate in a team with 7 other lecture participants to create an information system design in
developing application for Mini Vise Sales.
Design system requirements, process modeling, data modeling, input and output design, feasibility
analysis, and visual basic application (VBA) analysis.
Project of Design of a Work System Laboratory Course - Sep 2022/Jan 2023
Collaborate in a team with 9 other lecture participants to designing a work system with the
Multifunctional Chair object by analyzing work maps, measuring & improving working time, and work
sampling
Make one of the work maps, namely the right-hand and left-hand maps of the process of making a
multifunctional chair.
Project of Manufacturing Process Laboratory Course - Feb/May 2022
Collaborate in a team with 4 other lecture participants to create a table of 100 data for the set up and
machining operations process in making a simple drawing table.
Create an OPC (Operation Process Chart) work map that contains the complete manufacturing flow,
the process duration, and scraps that were wasted during the process.
Analyze PPM (Peta Pekerja Mesin) which contains a representation of coordination between working
time and idle time of workers and machines.
Being a presenter at the final presentation and being selected as the best group.
Project of Scientific Writing Course - Apr/May 2022
Making scientific papers in the form of literature reviews from 12 journals regarding the importance of
implementing the quality control circle method in several industries.
Project of Engineering Drawing Laboratory Course - Oct 2021/Jan 2022
Designing several objects carefully and detail in the form of drawing.
Collaborate in a team with 4 other lecture participants in evaluating and revising each participant's
drawings, realizing manual drawings into CAD models using AutoCAD, and compiling a final report for
practicum courses.
Being a presenter at the final presentation and being selected as the best group.
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCES
Equipment and Logistics Division Team at Industrial Engineering Camp 2022 Sept/Dec 2022

Collect data regarding the equipment needed during the series of events
Industrial Engineering Camp - Dec 2021
Recognize the structure and work functions of several campus organizations such as Himpunan
Mahasiswa Teknik Industri and Badan Eksekutif Mahasiswa Fakultas Teknik.
SKILLS
Project Management and Analyzing, Google Sheets, Google Doc, Trello, Figma.