ANDIN APRILA SARI
085882424578 | andinaprila.inq@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/andinaprila/
SUMMARY
Bachelor Degree of Informatics Engineering from UIN Sunan Gunung Djati Bandung with a strong interest in UI/UX
Design and administrative roles. I m commited to developing my skills in interaction design, data entry, and management
tasks. To enhance my expertise, I upgraded my skills by participating in online course. I have good collaboration and time
management skills, enabling effectivity of teamwork to ensure project success. Driven by the commitment to optimizing IT
resources, I m ready to contribute to make a meaningful impact and support the company s vision and mission.
EDUCATION
UIN Sunan Gunung Djati Bandung 2019 - 2023
Bachelor of Informatics Engineering GPA 3.86/4.00
Thesis Title: Sentiment Analysis of User Reviews on the Website of the Informatics Engineering Department Using
Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Algorithm
EXPERIENCES
Badan Pusat Statistik Jan 2023 - Mar 2023
Data Entry - Contract
Successfully process 800+ documents per month within set timelines to achieve monthly target.
Accurately input, validate, and update data from documents into a Regsosek Badan Pusat Statistik s system.
Handled sensitive information, adhering to data protection regulations and company policies.
Collaborated with the survey team and other teams to ensure that all collected and entered data has been 100% accurate.
PT. Agri Adipana Abadi Nov 2022 - Mar 2023
UI Designer - Freelance
Developed design standards, including color schemes, typography, and iconography, ensuring a consistent brand image.
Designed high-fidelity prototypes and mockups that clearly represent the final product s design and functionality.
Communicate with clients to ensure that the product developed meets business requirements.
UIN Sunan Gunung Djati Bandung Feb 2022 - May 2022
UI Designer - Internship
Designed responsive and adaptive interfaces that work seamlessly across a wide range of devices.
Gather feedback from users, stakeholders, and team members to continuously improve and iterate on design.
Participated in user testing sessions to observe how users interact with the design.
Collaborated with developers to ensure that the application developed matches the design.
CERTIFICATIONS
Digitalent Kominfo x Binar Academy Mar 2024 Apr 2024
Fresh Graduate Academy
PASAS Institute Feb 2024
Certified Internatioal Specialist in Data Visualization
Credential ID - CISDV14437
PT. Quadra Luminari Nov 2021 Dec 2021
ICT Microsoft Office
SKILLS
Time Management Operating Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Power Point
Teamwork HTML
Communication CSS
Wireframing Figma
Prototyping Adobe XD