Contacts

chantikanadya3@gmail.com
LinkedIn
Chantika Pardosi
Medan, North Sumatra, 20226
UI / UX Designer
Work Experience About Me
UI/UX Designer March 2024 - May 2024 A Bachelor of Informatics graduate with
practical experience in UI/UX design,
Institut Teknologi Del l North Sumatra
specializing in creating user-centered
In this project, the focus is on developing a mobile application for Farmy.id. The main goal is
digital solutions using tools such as Figma
to increase access customers to products and provide an educational platform about
and Adobe XD. Skilled in prototyping,
culinary delights.
wireframing, and user research, with a
proven track record of enhancing product
UI/UX Designer Intern June 2023 - August 2023
usability and increasing user engagement.
PT. Telkomsel l South Jakarta Demonstrated leadership through active
involvement in HIMASTI and BEM,
Redesigned the DACITA website application, introducing dark and light mode themes for a
more intuitive and visually appealing user experience. Collaborated with the IT Support managing collaborative projects and
Business division to optimize the application's mobile interface. developing strong teamwork skills. Eager
to contribute innovative design strategies
UI/UX Designer January 2023 - June 2023 to create exceptional user experiences in
a dynamic team environment.
Institut Teknologi Del l North Sumatra
Designing the RKA web application design, where in this project I carry out tasks according
to my role as team leader, and share tasks with my team, namely the design team, to create Education
the RKA application.
Bachelor in Informatics
UI/UX Designer April 2022 - May 2022
Institut Teknologi Del
Institut Teknologi Del l North Sumatra
2020- 2024
Repair and redesign the UI pages of the Sosor Dolok village website. Laguboti, North Sumatra
Skills Certification
User Research Problem-Solving Figma Project Certificate App in Figma, Cousera
Project Network (2023)
Wireframes Team Collaboration Adobe XD
Telkom Digital Amoeba UX Researcher
Project Based Internship Program,
Prototyping Time Management Canva
Rakamin Academy and Telkom Digital
Amoeba (2023)
Usability Testing Adaptability
Inauguration, Dies Natalis & Graduation
Information Architecture Sketches, drawings, Ceremony at Institut Teknologi Del
and illustrations (2023)
Responsive Web Design
BEM Certificate (2021 - 2023)
Interaction Design
Election Commission of HIMASTI (2022)