HUSNUL RIZKA DAVITA
Husnul.davita@gmail.com | +6285714506996 | Jakarta, Indonesia
Linkedln: www.linkedin.com/in/husnulrizkad
A chemistry graduate with strong analytical skills and in-depth research abilities. Passionate about the
digital marketing industry, particularly in social media development, content planning, and copywriting.
Proficient in communication in both Indonesian and English. Quick to adapt, creative, and enthusiastic about
working both in teams and independently.
EDUCATION
Universitas Islam Negeri Maulana Malik Ibrahim | Malang, East Java
Bachelor of Chemistry
GPA : 3.49/ 4.00
Selected as an international collaborative student with Universiti Pendidikan Sultan Idris (UPSI)
Malaysia for the final project (Thesis).
Spearheaded content and media development for the university s Chemistry Program website.
Developed innovative materials for a Chemistry Olympiad outreach program.
EXPERIENCE
Furniture Sari Jati
Content Planning (April 2024 December 2024)
Conducted research and developed creative content ideas for Instagram reels and feeds that resonated
with the target audience.
Designed and executed end-to-end content strategies, from concept creation to publication.
Wrote engaging and compelling captions to enhance audience interaction and support brand objectives.
Student Activity Unit LKP2M
Publication and Documentation Coordinator (Jan 2023 - Dec 2023)
Planned creative content concepts for social media Instagram to enhance awareness for new member
recruitment.
Successfully increased the number of registrants by 5%, reaching 80+ members through effective
digital marketing strategies.
Edited reels and visual feeds for Instagram using tools that support content quality.
Universitas Islam Negeri Maulana Malik Ibrahim | Malang, East Java
Web Content Writing (Juli 2023 November 2023)
Created and edited high-quality articles for the chemistry department website at UIN Malang.
Collaborated with academic staff to produce content that is easily understandable for readers.
Improved website engagement metrics by generating content that resonates with student interests
SKILL....
Hard Skills : Microsoft Office, Google Workspace, Copy Writing, Content Strategy, Canva, Capcut
Soft Skills : Analytical Thinking, Creative Thinking, Adaptability, Quick learner, Leadership, and
Collaboration, Problem Solving
Languages : Bahasa Indonesia (Fluent), English (Intermediate)