I MADE ARYA DHARMA WHASUDEWA
Email : aryadharmawasudewa@gmail.com Phone : +6281999380847 Address : Tabanan, Bali
LinkedIn : Arya Dharma Whasudewa Fortofolio
PROFILE
Primakara University student of Information Systems study program. Active in various activities in the campus
environment. Have a great interest in the field of UI/UX Design. A person who is always curious and has a high
willingness to learn. Mastering design applications such as Figma and productivity applications such as Microsoft
Office.
EDUCATION
Universitas Primakara - Denpasar, Bali 2022 -Now
Bachelor of Information System GPA : 3.72
SKILLSUMMARY
Skills: UX Research and Design, UI design, communication and collaboration, time management, teamwork,
creative and critical thinking.
Software: Figma, Miro, Microsoft Office , Google Workspace , Notion .
Language: Indonesian (fluent), English (beginner)
PROFESIONAL EXPERIENCE
UI/UX Design Intern at PT. Solusi Anak Sakti (Djoin) August 2024 - January 2025
Creating wireframe & high fidelity mockup for loan application system (SaaS Based)
Conducting UX research to identify user needs and pain point
Conducting usability testing to validate, iterate and asses design
Contributed to product development by delivering detailed research documentation and UI designs that were
ready for implementation by the development team.
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Workshop UI/UX - UI Design Fundamental - SMA Negeri 1 Petang & SMK N 1 Mas Ubud 2022
Speakers and mentors during the e-perpus application design workshop process
Workshop UI/UX - One Step Being UI/UX Designer - Universitas Primakara 2023
Mentoring and assisting workshop participants in the process of working on the UI design of the music
player application.
Workshop UI/UX - Exploring The Basic of UI/UX with Figma-Universitas Primakara 2024
Mentoring and assisting workshop participants in the process of working on the UI design of the landing
page website.
PROJECT

iPusnas App Revamp
Conducting user research & usability testing
Prototyping and wireframming
Identifying user problem and designing good UX flow
Doing and conducting usability testing

Revamp JKN Mobile App
Conducting heuristic evaluation & usability testing
Prototyping and wireframming
Identifying user problem and designing good UX flow
Life Well : Interactive Mobile Application to Prevent Childhood Obesity 2024
Conducting user research & usability testing
Prototyping and wireframming
Identifying user problem and designing good UX flow