JULIUS EVAN SIDARTO
Gading Serpong, Tangerang | 0813-2778-0900 | evansidartoj@gmail.com |
linkedin.com/juliusevann |
PROFILE
I am an active 6th-semester Informatics student at Multimedia Nusantara University. I have a
strong interest in Mobile & Web Development, UI/UX design, and Data Analysis, areas that I
am continuously exploring and developing through my academic and personal projects. As a
student who is always thirsty for knowledge, I actively participate in online courses, seminars,
and reading related literature. With a passion for programming and hands-on experience through
various college projects, I believe I can bring innovation and meaningful contributions to this
company.
EDUCATION
S1 Informatics, Multimedia Nusantara University August 2022 - present
Current GPA: 3.11/4.00
Relevant Course: Programming Fundamentals, Digital Systems, Computer Architecture
& Organization, Operating System, Algorithms & Data Structure, Declarative
Programming, Software Engineering & Project Management, Language Theory &
Automata, Web Programming, Database Systems, Object Oriented Programming,
Artificial Intelligence, Computer Network, Human Computer & Interaction, Computer
Security, Algorithm Design & Analysis, Numerical Analysis, Mobile Application
Programming, Computer Graphic & Animation, Machine Learning, Expert System.
Natural Science, Masehi Kudus Senior High School July 2018 July 2021
Final score: 86.73
ORGANIZATION EXPERIENCE
Committee, Charity Organization INARA September 2023 January 2024
Responsible for planning and executing fundraising strategies with the target of
increasing the organization's income by organization by 20% from the previous year.
Coordinated a team of 22 members with a target achievement of at least 85% and ensured
achievement of at least 90% of organizational goals.
Establish cooperation with at least 3 sponsors and more than 25 media partners to support
organizational events.
Committee, PPIF (Perkenalan Prodi Informatika) March 2024 October 2024
Ensure that all new students have a clear understanding of the department's academic
rules and procedures, and provide guidance to each new student in accessing campus
academic and non-academic resources.
Organize and execute various events within PPIF, including seminars, workshops,
games, and ensure they run smoothly and on schedule.
Provide support and guidance to new students in overcoming their initial challenges on
campus, as well as connecting them with mentors or senior students.
COURSE SERTIFICATE
Huawei ICT Academy April 2024
Passed the AI Course organized by Huawei by successfully obtaining a score of 900/1000
for the final exam.
Samsung Innovation Campus Batch 5 March - April 2024 Participate in
a bootcamp consisting of practice questions & materials to explore IoT, Python, OOP,
and Algorithm.
Algorithms & Data Structures with Python March 2024
Passed the bootcamp on Algorithms & Data Structures organized by Skilvul.
Programming Using Python February 2024
Passed the bootcamp for deepening Python and OOP material organized by Dicoding.
CAPABILITIES
Programming Language:
Java
C/C++
Python
Kotlin
PHP
HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Software:
Visual Studio Code
Unity
Android Studio
Figma
Others:
English (Intermediate)