KRISTINA MARGARET SITORUS
I am a recent graduate from Del Institute of Technology with a Bachelor's degree in Information Systems. I have strong
interests and skills in Quality Assurance, Systems Analysis, and Data Analytics. I have excellent interpersonal skills,
allowing me to interact with a wide variety of clients. During my studies, I developed excellent technical skills and
interpersonal abilities, allowing me to analyze systems, ensure product quality, understand user needs, and interact
effectively with a wide range of clients. I am eager to take on new challenges to continue learning, improve my IT skills,
and contribute positively to the professional world. With high adaptability, I can work well in a team as well as
independently, supported by strong communication and problem-solving skills. I am confident that my knowledge and
skills will add value and bring positive impact to any project or organization I contribute to.
082363246370 | kristinasitorus190@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/kristina-margaret-sitorus-98bb66219/
Professional Experience
Teaching Assistant for Basic Pyhsics, Institute Tecnology Del Sitoluama, Sumatera Utara (Aug 2022 - Des 2022)
Assisted lecturers in conducting Basic Physics classes across different groups by providing additional tutorial sessions.
Responsibilities included preparing tutorial materials and problem sets, guiding students in understanding concepts, and
assisting in solving physics problems. Actively facilitated discussions and ensured a productive learning environment for
students.
Quality Assurance Intership, PT. RectMedia Komputindo Semarang, (Jun 2023 - Aug 2023)
PT. RectMedia Komputindo is a digital agency based in Semarang, Central Java, Indonesia, serving individuals, companies,
and governments at regional, national, and international levels. RECTmedia has four main divisions: Creative (digital business
consulting and internet marketing), Cloud (development of company profile websites and e-commerce), Light (custom web
application development), and Touch (mobile application development for iOS and Android).
My roles included:
Perform software testing using software or applications that have been developed to identify bugs, errors, or other
problems.
Create and maintain documentation, namely by compiling and maintaining QA documents, such as test plans, test
scenarios, and test results reports.
Analyze test results to identify trends or patterns, as well as provide feedback to the development team on how to fix
discovered problems.
Team Collaboration by working closely with the software development team to understand functional and non-functional
requirements.
Education
Institute Technology Del - Laguboti, Sumatera Utara (4 Sep 2020 15 Aug 2024 )
Bachelor Degree in System Information, 3.04 / 4.00
Test Scores IES FOUNDATION (ITP Transbahasa Gorontalo) (27 Nov 2023)
TOEFL ITP : 527
Certification
Achievements (2022) : Participant of Hackathon Code for the Nation 2022
Competition (2022): Gemastik "Pengembangan Sistem Rekomendasi Playlist Music untuk mengurangi tekanan psikologis"
Organization (2022): Chairman of the Consultative Assembly - Information Systems Study Program Student Association
Organization (2022): Member of the Information Systems Student Association Consultative Council
Experience (Leadership) (2022): Foster Sister Del Institute of Technology
ASEAN Data Science Explorers (2023): Enablement Session ASEAN Data Science Explorers 2023
Coursera (2024): Google Advanced Data Analysis
Skills
Basic Technical : Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, Excel and others
Programming Language : Python, HTML, C, PHP
Database Management : Ms. SQL Server , SQLyog
Project Management Tool : Trello, Slack
Modeling and Design : Figma, Bizagi Process Modeler, Visual Paradigm, Canva, draw.io.
Documentation : MoM, SRS, User Manual, UAT and others
Data Visualization : Tableau
Soft Skills : Communications, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Leadership, Team Work, Colaboration, Analytical.
IDE : Visual Studio Code
Framework : Laravel, Postman
Project
System Analysis and Design - Laguboti, Sumatera Utara (Jan 2022 - May 2022) ; Create a SyRS document "LMS Information
System at SMA Negeri 1 Siantar Narumonda"
Software Engineering - Laguboti, Sumatera Utara (Aug 2021 - Dec 2021) ; Create FSD and SRS Documentation
Information System Project Management - Laguboti, Sumatera Utara (Aug 2022 - Dec 2022) ; Create IT Del Canteen
Information System Design Documents
Web application programming and testing course project - Laguboti, Sumatera Utara (Sep 2022 - Dec 2022)
Creating an Community Complaint System (SIPEMA) Information System ; SIPEMA (Community Complaint System) is an
application that facilitates complaints from students, staff, and the community at Del Institute of Technology. This application
provides an efficient channel for reporting issues such as campus facilities, administrative services, or other concerns, with the goal
of speeding up resolution and enhancing the transparency of the complaint process.
Project System Information - Laguboti, Indonesia (Feb 2023 - Jun 2023)
Developing an Information System for ERP Recommendation Information System; Developing an Information System for ERP
Recommendation Information System at Del Institute of Technology refers to the creation of an application or system designed to
assist the faculty, staff, and students of IT Del in selecting the most suitable Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software based on
specific needs.
Intership - Semarang, Indonesia (Jun 2023 - Aug 2023) ~ Quality Assurance Intership
Testing of the WOW Consultant Application on Android-Based Platforms and Website;
As part of the QA team, I was responsible for testing the WOW Consultant application on both Android and web platforms. This
included functional testing to ensure all features work as expected, compatibility testing across different Android devices and web
browsers, and usability testing to evaluate the user interface (UI) and user experience (UX). Performance testing was conducted to
assess speed and responsiveness, while security testing ensured user data protection on both platforms. The goal was to identify and
resolve any issues or bugs before the app's release. Other Project Testing: BRI Trustee, Qonnectiq, DSI ERP, BRG