KAKA ANDERESTA
085156358231 | kakaanderesta4@gmail.com | Karawang Jawa Barat
I am a student majoring in Informatics at Horizon University of Indonesia. I have a deep interest in technology and
software development. During my studies, I have developed skills in various programming languages and the latest
technologies. I am eager to continue learning and contributing to innovative projects that have a positive impact. I also
have some work experience as a production operator. With more than 5 years of experience working in a leading
manufacturing company, I have developed in-depth knowledge of various production processes and skills in operating
machinery. My expertise includes process optimization, technical troubleshooting, and implementation of best safety
practices to ensure a safe and productive work environment.
Education
Universitas Horizon Indonesia Year : 2021- present
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
Project :
Hydiexpert Expert System Project
Description: A web application to help experts diagnose diseases in Hydroponic plants. Technology: PHP,
MYSQL, codeigniter framework
Project Backend Invenas (Inventory assets system )
Description: Web application for data collection of goods at the GSD department of Horizon University
Indonesia. Technology: PHP, MYSQL, codeigniter framework
Project UI/UX Design ( Gbox.ID)
Tools : figma, Canva
Work Experience
1. Kalbe Nutritionals ( Mobile Developer ) Sept 2024 Des 2024
Created a KITS Mobile application to make it easier for users to see real-time sales data via notifications.
Using programming languages, Dart, C#, SQL Server, OneSignal
2. PT. Astra Honda Motor (Production Operator) May 20219 July 2023
Ensure components are free from visual defects and in accordance with quality standards (no NG), and take
corrective action (repair) if problems are found.
Implement the 4K principles (Cleanliness, Neatness, Safety, and Order) in the work area to maintain production
efficiency and safety.
3. PT. Santos Jaya Abadi (Helper Quality) Aug 2017 Aug 2018
Ensure that the weight of the products produced is in accordance with the minimum and maximum limits
according to company standards, check packaging such as checking pieces, N2 wind and expire date.
Record all activities as a daily report to ensure products are in accordance with company standards.
Certificate
Microsoft Excel Future Skills February 2024
Basic Management Project Diaspora Mengajar Juni 2024
Peningkatan Kewirausahaan Sosial Future Skils Juni 2024
Magang Merdeka ( MSIB ) Desember 2024
Skills
Microsoft office UI/UX Design
Web Development Problem Solving
Communication Desain Thinking