MUHAMMAD SYIAM BERLIAN
+62 85820293601 | muhammadsyiam2002@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhammadsyiam/ | https://
www.behance.net/syiamberlian
Boyolali, Jawa Tengah, Indonesia
A Visual Communication Design graduate from Dian Nuswantoro University, I specialize in graphic design, 3D
modeling, illustration, and UI design. As an active member of the Visual Communication Design Student
Association, I refined my skills in optimizing workflows, enhancing team collaboration, and ensuring seamless
project execution. Through diverse creative projects and internships, I have developed the ability to merge
innovative concepts with technical expertise, crafting visually compelling and user-centric designs. Passionate
about creating meaningful visual experiences, I strive to deliver solutions that seamlessly integrate aesthetics
and functionality.
Education Level
Universitas Dian Nuswantoro - Semarang, Indonesia Sep 2021 - Feb 2025
Bachelor of Visual Communication Design
Mentee of MSIB Batch 6
Freelance Graphic Designer
Freelance 3D Designer
Freelance UI/UX Designer
Active Member of Visual Communication Design Student Association
3D Modelling, 3D Animation Projects, Web Design, Design Review, Illustration, Graphics Production Methods, Applicative Typography,
Visual Storytelling, Computer Graphics, Technical Drawing
Work Experiences
Telkom Indonesia - Bandung, Indonesia Feb 2024 - Jul 2024
UI Designer and 3D Designer Intern (MSIB)
UI & UX Optimisation - Improve usability, accessibility and design consistency to increase intuitive digital experiences by 40%.
UI Redesign & Overhaul - Modernise navigation, visual hierarchy and interactions to create an engaging user experience by 40%.
Design System Implementation - Create a scalable and consistent UI with unified typography, colour schemes and components.
Responsive & adaptive design - Ensure a smooth user experience across all devices with a fluid and adaptable UI.
High-quality 3D asset creation - Specialise in modelling, texturing, lighting and rendering for visually stunning assets.
Advanced post-production - Optimise poly counts and procedural materials for realism and high performance.
Project-specific 3D illustration - Create bespoke 3D assets in line with branding, UI and design aesthetics.
Seamless digital integration - Develop optimised 3D assets for flawless UI implementation.
Organisational Experience
Visual Communication Design Student Association UDINUS - Semarang, Indonesia Jul 2023 - Jul 2024
Head of Logistics Department
Plan, direct and control logistics to ensure smooth distribution of goods, equipment and operational needs.
Conduct regular camp visits with all members every 2 months to check and maintain stock levels.
Empower members of the logistics department by ensuring that the logistics team functions optimally by providing direction and
motivation.
Visual Communication Design Student Association UDINUS - Semarang, Indonesia Dec 2022 - Jan 2023
Head of Youthfest#11 High School Mural Competition "Nawasena"
Managed the planning and implementation of a high school mural competition with over 30 participants.
Created contest concepts and themes that were relevant, engaging and appropriate to the target audience in a relatively short time
frame of one and a half months.
Managed the committee team to ensure that every stage of the event, from planning to execution, ran smoothly and according to plan.
Liaised with sponsors, partners and schools to increase participation and extend the reach of the event.
Visual Communication Design Student Association UDINUS - Semarang, Indonesia Sep 2022 - Nov 2022
Firs Step exhibition equipment division coordinator
Manage the planning, procurement and distribution of exhibition equipment in an efficient and timely manner within 3 months of the
event.
Ensuring that the technical and aesthetic standards of the event are met during installation and operation.
Demonstrate a strong problem-solving approach to dealing with a variety of logistical requirements.
Communicate with various stakeholders to achieve event objectives.
Skills & Certificate
Certificate (2024): Certification Scheme of Intermediate Graphic Designer
Technical Skills: Blender 3D, Figma, Adobe Ilustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Ibis Paint, Procreate
Soft Skills: Adaptive, Analytical ability, Commitment, Collaboration, Creative, Empathy