Maria Andriana Nea Candra
Undergraduate Geography Student
neaandriana@gmail.com | +6281225912169 | linkedin.com/in/maria-andriana-nea/ | Depok,
Indonesia
PROFILE
A highly motivated undergraduate Geography student with a strong foundation in spatial analysis, research, and project
management. Experienced in academic research, organizational leadership, and community engagement. Proficient in GIS
software, scientific writing, and strategic coordination, with a strong commitment to impactful initiatives in both academic and
community service. Expertise in writing and project management through extensive organizational experience. Passionate about
applying geographic knowledge to deliver valuable insights and solutions.
EDUCATION
Universitas Indonesia GPA: 3.48 Depok, Indonesia
Bachelor of Science, Geography 2022 - Present
INTERNSHIP AND RESEARCH EXPERIENCES
Badan Riset dan Inovasi Nasional Feb 2025 - Present
Intern | Research Center for Social Welfare, Villages, and Regional Connectivity
Conducted research focusing on spatial mapping and regional analysis.
Engaged in scientific writing and research for journal publication outputs.
Worked on academic papers and final project proposals.
Assisted in public relation, coordinating and organizing meetings, and drafting cooperation agreements.
Affordable Nexus for Jabodetabek Young Adults Sep 2024 - Dec 2024
Research Participant | Research Courses of Housing - MBKM Riset Keilmuan
Analyzed key factors influencing housing preferences and financial affordability among urban young adults in Jabodetabek
Conducted in-depth research to identify determinants of housing decisions, including socio-economic and spatial
considerations
Documented findings and insights into housing accessibility and preferences through academic article development.
Contributed to the publication of research outcomes, highlighting housing challenges and opportunities for urban
communities.
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCES
Badan Eksekutif Mahasiswa Universitas Indonesia Mar 2024 - Nov 2024
Deputy Head Of Strategic Studies Department
Guiding and monitoring 12 staff by managing all internal events and solving internal problems to build a harmonious family
yet professional environment between 15 functionaries.
Being the steering committee to a program, Public Disscusion, which serves as a platform for enlightening UI's students and
the general public, as well as a forum for discussing socio-political issues.
Supervising 12 staff members in writing studies, infographics, and producing other strategic study department products.
Establishing communication and coordination with external parties such as NGOs, LSM, and other social-political movement
organizations.
Badan Eksekutif Mahasiswa Universitas Indonesia Mar 2023 - Dec 2023
Staff of Social Affairs
Managing open donations "BEM UI Peduli" for Kebakaran Kampung Muara Angke and Banjir Lahar Dingin Lumajang.
Being the chief proposer of "Disaster Training Roadshow Program Bergerak Tanggap Bencana (GEGANA) in Potential Flood
and Fire Point Areas in Depok City" for community service funds by Directorate of Student Affair Universitas Indonesia
Conceptualizing and conducting disaster management training for 40 college student participants at Universitas Indonesia.
Conceptualizing and conducting disaster management training for stakeholders and the community in Tugu and Mekarjaya
Districts, Depok, West Java.
Organizing all publications and documentation for the "Tapal Batas UI" community service program in Silawan Village, East
Nusa Tenggara.
VOLUNTEERING EXPERIENCES
Gerakan UI Mengajar 14 Jan 2025 - Feb 2025
Volunteer Teacher
Designed lesson plans aligned with the Kurikulum Merdeka to support student-centered learning.
Taught third-grade elementary school students for one month, focusing on interactive and engaging classroom activities.
Facilitated a positive learning environment to enhance students' understanding and enthusiasm for learning.
Responsible for conducting Home Visit and Teacher Visit programs during one month.
Gerakan UI Mengajar 13 Jan 2024 - Feb 2024
Staff of Social Affairs
Coordinating with other divisions and teachers in a community service for 30 days in Negeri Katon, Pesawaran, Lampung.
Conseptualizing Kelas Inspirasi , introducing professions to elementary school students at SDN Negeri Katon.
Responsible for helping creative media needs.
The 14th GDAYS Universitas Indonesia May 2023 - Dec 2023
Deputy Head of Geographic National Society Summit
Establishing communication and coordination with external and internal parties such as speaker, invited guest, and other
divisions.
Responsible for conceptualizing the 15th Geography National Summit attended by more than 100 student participants at
Universitas Indonesia.
Supervising the preparation and execution of the 15th Geography National Summit.
UI Youth Environtmental Action 12 July 2023 - Agt 2023
Staff of Event
Coordinating with other divisions in a community service for 8 days in Pulau Tidung, Kepulauan Seribu, Jakarta.
Responsible for the entire event, including the event rundown, timekeeping, and logistic preparations.
Conceptualizing the UI YEA Summit, a closing event attended by 4 elementary schools and stakeholders.
Teaching environmental intervention classes at 4 elementary schools.
MIPA Green Village 8 Dec 2022 - Jan 2023
Staff of Event
Coordinating with other divisions in a community service for 8 days in Sukawangi, Bogor.
Responsible for the entire event, including pre-event coordination, event rundown, timekeeping, and logistic preparations.
Conceptualizing the Charity Activity attended by 50 UI s students at Universitas Indonesia.
Conceptualizing "Pesta Rakyat" MIPA Green Village 8 attended by the local community.
Serving as the Master of Ceremony at the Charity online seminar MIPA Green Village 8.
SKILLS
Hard Skill : ArcGIS Pro, QGIS, Google Earth Pro, OpenStreetMap, PostgreSQL, Microsoft Tools, Content Writing.
Soft Skill : Leadership, Teamwork, Communication, Critical Thinking, Project Management.
Language : Indonesian (Native), English (Intermediate)
ACHIEVEMENT
Finalist The Most Outstanding Student Category Social and Welfare FMIPA UI 2025 Feb 2025
Runner up 2 LKTI Nasional Himaki Festival 4.0 oleh Himpunan Mahasiswa Kimia FMIPA UNSRI Dec 2023