MUHAMMAD ERWIN GUSTIA NUGRAHA
085920059401 | erwingustia236@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/erwinmgh | https://bit.ly/
PortfolioMuhammadErwinGN
Bandung, Jawa Barat, Indonesia
I am a fresh graduate majoring in Educational Technology at the Indonesian Education University (UPI). I am
actively involved in various organizations, which has honed my skills in brainstorming, critical thinking, and
leadership. Additionally, I am adaptive, thorough, and keep up with societal trends. I have a strong interest and
experience in the fields of Social Media Specialist, Learning and Development, Researcher, and Business
Analyst. Furthermore, my educational background is in learning design and development.
Education Level
Universitas Pendidikan Indonesia - Bandung, Indonesia Sep 2020 - Feb 2025
Bachelor of Teknologi Pendidikan
Mentee of MSIB Batch 5 and 6
Human Resource Management, Multimedia Digital Learning, Performance Technology, Education and Training Program Design,
Management Information Systems, Educational Psychology and Guidance, Curriculum Development, Program Evaluation, Curriculum
Evaluation, Learning Strategy, and Learning Evaluation.
SMA Laboratorium Percontohan UPI - Bandung, Indonesia Jul 2017 - Jul 2020
SNMPTN
OSIS Staff SMA Laboratorium Percontohan UPI
Experiences
Telkom Indonesia - Bandung, Indonesia Feb 2024 - Jun 2024
General Intern (MSIB)
Business Analyst on project age verification platform.
Created a Business Requirements Document containing the information needed by the team, including competitive research and SWOT
analysis.
Researcher on 2 projects, namely Age Verification Platform and Membership Management Platform.
Analyzed the information needed by the team on the project.
Created questionnaire instruments for user and customer validation.
Moderator of departmental coordination meetings with 40 tribe employees.
PT Sumber Alfaria Trijaya Tbk (Alfamart) - Bandung, Indonesia Nov 2023 - Dec 2023
HR Recruitment Intern
Managed and coordinated interview schedules by organizing candidate groups based on pre-screening results.
Conducted structured interviews for 50+ candidates weekly to assess qualifications, competencies, and cultural fit.
Evaluated candidates using standardized assessment sheets, ensuring objective and data-driven hiring decisions.
Compiled and maintained candidate evaluation reports in the recruitment system for tracking and decision-making.
Determined shortlisted candidates based on interview assessments and collaborated with the team for final selection.
Ensured smooth interview operations by preparing all necessary documents and administrative tasks.
PT Sumber Alfaria Trijaya Tbk (Alfamart) - Bandung, Indonesia Aug 2023 - Dec 2023
Social Media Specialist Intern (MSIB)
Created and produced content for social media to increase the number of followers and target audience.
Designed 60+ content for publication purposes during the 5-month internship period.
Managed social media accounts with +113,000 followers.
Analyzed the development of content, that has been uploaded on social media among the audience.
Evaluated each uploaded content based on the number of likes, comments, and visual quality.
Increased 8000+ followers on managed social media accounts.
Increased the number of online applicants by 98% every month.
Hima Tekpend UPI - Bandung, Indonesia Aug 2022 - Jul 2023
Learning Designer
Developed a structured cadre curriculum by determining learning objectives, instructional content, appropriate media, and evaluation
strategies for 103 participants.
Designed a Learning Implementation Plan (RPP) to ensure effective lesson delivery and alignment with program goals.
Organized and supervised the implementation of learning sessions, ensuring smooth execution and participant engagement.
Developed learning materials that support concept comprehension and practical application.
Created learning syllabi for 103 participants, outlining key topics, instructional methods, and expected learning outcomes.
Determined evaluation tools and assessment methods to objectively measure participant learning outcomes and program effectiveness.
Organisational Experience
Hima Tekpend UPI - Bandung, Indonesia Aug 2022 - Jun 2023
Head of Information & Communication Departement
Designed and created Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for publication.
Managed and evaluated the performance of 39 internal field staff.
Designed and created field programs and activities.
Determined the organization's image on the organization's social media.
Established cooperation and communication with external parties to the organization.
Managed 7 organization's social media and media platforms.
BEM Kema FIP UPI - Bandung, Indonesia Jun 2022 - May 2023
Staff of Information & Communication Departement
Created Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for publication.
Managed an organization's social media accounts with 3500+ followers.
Established cooperation and communication with external parties to the organization.
Skills, Project, & Tools
Soft Skills: performance, goal oriented, loyal, communicative, planning, organization, creative, teamwork, public speaking, critical
thinking, collaborative, adaptive, leadership, and analytical thinking.
Hard Skills: administration, learning evaluation, business analysis, business partnering, program & project management, asset & facility
management, corporate communications, information & reporting support, recruitment & selection business process, social media
analysis, partnership, monitoring & evaluation, graphic design, social media management, social media optimalization, learning design
and development, content writing, copywriting, and voice over.
Projects: Head of Creative and Concept Division in Event Organizer (Rotan Enterprise), Head of Creative Media Division in Automotive
Entrepreneur (90 Olacity), and Voice Over Talent in Project Module PT Pos Indonesia
Tools: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Powerpoint, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Canva, Notion, Figma, Google Docs,
and Google Spreadsheet