MUHAMMAD FIKRI DARMAWAN
fikridrmwn2101@gmail.com | +6282341894156 | linkedin.com/in/muhammad-fikri-darmawan
PERSONAL EXPERIENCE
An active 6th semester English Education student with a focus on career development in Human Resources
(HR) and Event Management, has had 2 years of experience in HR management, where a team of more than
50 volunteers were successfully managed in a national anti-smoking program at Toco Ranger Indonesia. More
than 15 events have been organized with a total of 1,000 participants through her role as Event Organizer at
ROMANSA. Awarded as the 2024 Best Genre Ambassador of Jember Regency level has also been achieved.
She has a good command of active English, and strong analytical skills in strategic decision-making related to
human resources, making her ready to contribute professionally in the field of human resource management
and event management.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Islamic University of Jember Sept 2022 Present
S1 Education | GPA: 3.79 / 4.00
Major: English Department
WORK EXPERIENCES
Event Organizer, ROMANSA ORGANIZER Jan 2023 Present
Create event concepts and themes that are creative, organized, and according to client needs.
Establish cooperation with trusted vendors (catering, decoration, sound system, etc).
Recruit and coordinate the event team (crew, ushers, etc.) and conduct briefings on the team crew.
Conduct location surveys, permits, and preparations related to event technicalities.
Establish active communication with clients.
ORGANIZATION, INTERNSHIP, AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCES
Curriculum Designer, Sekolah Sastra Anak Feb 2025 - Present
Creating an interesting and fun literature curriculum.
Collaborate with several educational partners/foundations to teach about literature.
Play, learn, and bond with children using print and digital media.
Conducting monthly evaluations of children's development during the literature education period.
Chairperson of Genre Ambassadors Des 2024 - Present
As a sub-district representative in the Jember 2024 Genre Ambassador event.
Led the 24th batch of Genre Ambassador team in various counseling, presenter, and socialization
activities.
Focused on youth issues such as free sex, early marriage, drugs, and juvenile delinquency.
Developed public speaking, leadership, and event management skills.
Actively contributing to efforts to prevent social problems among teenagers.
Human Resource, LinguComm Jul 2024 Feb 2025
Conduct regular public speaking training activities.
Collaborate with the public relations division to invite and coordinate speakers from home and
abroad.
Record and evaluate the development of each LinguComm member regularly.
Human Resource, Toco Ranger Indonesia Feb 2024 Present
Record the need for additions and subtractions in ongoing projects.
Work on monthly projects related to tobacco use in Indonesia and analyze and summarize relevant
research journals.
Design and implement anti-smoking campaigns through temporary and permanent programs.
Create a positive impact in the reduction of tobacco consumption by smoking.
Human Resource, AnuvaStudy Jul 2024 Nov 2024
Design and organize all company activities and events
Manage activities aimed at improving the cooperation and performance of AnuvaStudy members
Supervise the performance of employees in each division of Anuva Group
Coordinate with related teams for effective recruitment implementation
Event Organizer, Dream Come True Dec 2023 Aug 2024
Manage a one-week soft skills training program
Develop a detailed timeline and agenda of activities
Oversee the creation and distribution of promotional materials (brochures/pamphlets)
Ensure the smooth running of each event session and coordinate the entire committee team
Evaluate the entire program and create an accountability report
SKILLS
Language: Indonesian and English Expert
Software: Microsoft Office, Google Site Expert
Others: Material Development, Information Presentation, Needs Analysis,
Document Preparation, Public Relations, Stakeholder
Management.