MUHAMMAD FIKRI DARMAWAN
fikridrmwn2101@gmail.com | +6282341894156 | linkedin.com/in/muhammad-fikri-darmawan
PERSONAL EXPERIENCE
Active 5th semester English student with experience in HR and Event Management. Good communication
skills with experience as MC/Moderator in various events. Actively contributing to the Embassy in the field
of Tourism and Creative Economy. Contribute as a compiler and author of books with the theme of Human
Resource Management. Proficient in operating Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) in daily
activities. Have the ability to make quick decisions with a critical thinking and problem solving approach.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Universitas Islam Jember 2022 Present
S1 Education | GPA: 3.77 / 4.00
Major: English Department
WORK EXPERIENCES
Freelance Writer, Jewellius Kistom Group Sep 2024 Present
Develop a book outline with the theme of Human Resource Management
Collect several book references related to the latest Human Resource Management themes from
academics and practitioners.
Compile a book manuscript based on related and current literature, and conduct research related to
HR management case studies..
Event Organizer, ROMANSA ORGANIZER Jan 2023 Present
Create event concepts and themes that are creative, organized, and according to client needs.
Establish cooperation with trusted vendors (catering, decoration, sound system, etc).
Recruit and coordinate the event team (crew, ushers, etc.) and conduct briefings on the team crew
Conduct location surveys, permits, and preparations related to event technicalities
Establish active communication with clients
ORGANIZATION EXPERIENCES
Human Resource, LinguComm Jul 2024 Present
Conduct regular public speaking training activities.
Collaborate with the public relations division to invite and coordinate speakers from home and
abroad.
Record and evaluate the development of each LinguComm member regularly.
Human Resource, Toco Ranger Indonesia Feb 2024 Present
Record the need for additions and subtractions in ongoing projects
Work on monthly projects related to tobacco use in Indonesia and analyze and summarize relevant
research journals
Design and implement anti-smoking campaigns through temporary and permanent programs
Create a positive impact in the reduction of tobacco consumption by smoking
Human Resource, AnuvaStudy Jul 2024 Nov 2024
Design and organize all company activities and events
Manage activities aimed at improving the cooperation and performance of AnuvaStudy members
Supervise the performance of employees in each division of Anuva Group
Coordinate with related teams for effective recruitment implementation
Event Organizer, Dream Come True Dec 2023 Aug 2024
Manage a one-week soft skills training program
Develop a detailed timeline and agenda of activities
Oversee the creation and distribution of promotional materials (brochures/pamphlets)
Ensure the smooth running of each event session and coordinate the entire committee team
Evaluate the entire program and create an accountability report
SKILLS
Language: Indonesian and English Expert
Software: Microsoft Office, Google Site Expert
Others: Material Development, Information Presentation, Needs Analysis,
Document Preparation, Public Relations, Stakeholder Management