Novi Sabaniatur Rohmah
085856233292 | novirohmah28@gmail.com
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/novi-sabaniatur-r/ | portofolio: https://shorturl.at/qFLri
I am a fresh graduate in Economics, Finance, and Banking, with strong teamwork, communication, and
coordination skills. Skilled in Data Visualization (Tableau, Power BI, Looker Studio) , Python, SQL, Microsoft Office, and
Google Workspace. Experienced in event organizer, administration, and data analysis. Driven by a growth mindset, I am
eager to continue learning and developing my skills. I am excited to take on new challenges and new opportunities.
Furthermore, I am flexible and willing to relocate for the opportunity.
EDUCATION
Universitas Brawijaya - Malang, Indonesia Aug 2020 - May 2024
Bachelor of Economic (GPA 3.64/4.00 with Very Satisfactory Predicate)
Prepared and cleansed data using Excel, then analyzed with the Wilcoxon Signed Rank Test using Eviews to
conclude journal articles.
Involved in PKM-K and collaborated with BUMDES to analyze business potential, marketing strategy, and long-
term sustainability strategy in Desa Gedog Wetan.
Participated in the Merdeka Belajar Kampus Merdeka (MBKM) program, and expanded knowledge in data
analytics and data science through hands-on training with PT Hacktivate Indonesia.
INTERNSHIP
Meskola.ID Remote Jan 2025 - Now
Process Improvement
Evaluated over 10 business processes and workflows in collaboration with the Quality Assurance team,
incorporating their feedback to identify inefficiencies and drive process improvements.
Standardized documentation for all process improvements in a centralized repository, ensuring 100% of changes
are recorded and maintained for future reference.
Communicated process changes to all organizational levels, coordinating with the Quality Assurance team
regarding process changes.
The Badan Pusat Statistik (BPS) Malang City Mar Jul 2023
Data Surveyor & Analyst (5 months) Integration of Statistical Processing and Dissemination Deputy
Collected data from 5 districs via questionnaries and interviews, entered data and ensuring the reability in
Registrasi Sosial Ekonomi (REGSOSEK) projects.
Recieved and Checked documents from over 100 households then entered data with enasuring data validity in
Survey Ekonomi Nasional (SUSENAS) Projects.
Validated expenditure information and organized map documents for 5 districst in Malang City in ST2023
projects in Sensus Pertanian (ST) projects.
Analyzed and visualized 10 years of statistical data to ease the reader identify the trends in AR Kota Malang
projects.
ORGANIZATION
Youth Prime Education Branch Jawa Timur - Remote Feb 2022 - 2023
Treasury Staff (1 year)
Guaranteed steady funding for 3 major programs benefiting over 100 participants
Managed financial records and reporting, ensuring transparency and accountability in the allocation of funds
while monitoring cash flow.
Himpunan Mahasiswa Departemen Ilmu Ekonomi (HMDIE) - Remote Oct Dec 2021
Event Staff OLIEFEB (3 months)
Managed scheduling, documents, and administration for events with 300+ participants, including the OLIECOM
presentation.
Assisted in developing the event framework and work plan, coordinating with judges and participants for smooth
execution. Then, conducted post-event surveys and analyzed feedback to identify actionable improvements.
Brawijaya Chess Club (BCC) - Remote Sep Nov 2021
Event Staff (3 months)
Managed scheduling and administration for key activities, including technical meetings, gala awards, and
individual matches, engaging over 150 participants.
Compiled final reports with actionable recommendations and handled technical instructions and modules to
ensure smooth event execution.
COURSES
Data Science
PT Hacktivate Teknologi Indonesia Aug - Des 2023
Learned Python, including library such as Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, and Matplotlib, for data analysis and data
science.
Studied Machine Learning concepts, including Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machine,
and K-nearest neighbors (KNN).
Applied data cleaning and preprocessing techniques, and completed projects to solve real-world problems.
PROJECTS
Indian Financial Analysis Dashboard
Data Analysis Project - Tableau Nov 2024
Built an interactive dashboard using a dataset of 20.000 entries to analyze financial performance and spending
habits.
Designed and tracked KPI performance such as average income, average spending, and many more.
Performed exploratory data analysis (EDA), gained some insights, and provided conclusions.
Netflix Content Analysis
Data Analysis Project - Tableau Nov 2024
Analyzed a database of Netflix's content to explore changes in Netflix's performance year on year.
Visualized the data to identify the trends based on region, ratings, and category.
Explored the dashboard to gain some insight and provided a summary of key findings.
A Comparative Analysis of Logistic Regression and Support Vector Machine Models
Data Science Project - Python Des 2023
Understanding the concept of logistic regression and Support Vector Machine (SVM) models, including their
applications.
Conducted data preprocessing, then built and trained both models using real-world datasets with Python.
Analyzed and identified the results by comparing their performance metrics such as accuracy.
CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Office Desktop Application Trust Training Partners Nov 2023
Data Science Program at Winter Club Explorer 2023 Generation Girl Des 2023
Toefl ITP Certification (Score: 523) Apr 2024
Wealth and Personal Banking Jul 2024
Commercial Banking Jul 2024
Digital Business Services Jul 2024
Internal Audit Analyst Sep 2024
Corporate Analyst Development Program (CADP) - Sep 2024
SKILLS
Soft skills: Analytical Thinking, Teamwork, Problem-Solving, Communication, Stakeholder Management.
Technical : Microsoft Office, Google Workspaces, Python, SQL, Tableau, Notion, Coda, Canva.