NURUL JIHAN FADILLAH
Medan, Indonesia | +6289613300858 | nuruljihanf@gmail.com | Linkedin | Behance | Link Portfolio
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Bachelor degree from Faculty of Art and Design, Indonesian Highschool majoring in Design Communication and Visual with previous
work experience as Illustrator. Focused and passionate about UI/UX field. Have 1 years experience in learning UI/UX design, resulted in
the succesful completion of Rebit Project on mobile. Gained comprehensive knowledge of user research, crafting user interface and
managing Design System through my bootcamp. I am proficiency in using various design tools such as Figma, Adobe illustrator, and
Procreate. Seeking a UI/UX Designer role where I can leverage my skills in designing interface and making an impactful design to
contribute.
EDUCATION
Potensi Utama University Tanjung Mulia, Kota Medan
Bachelor in Desain Komunikasi Visual | GPA: 3.86 / 4.00 2019 - 2024
Final Project: Designing the appearance of reading applications towards children
Designed a mobile Reading Application about local stories.
Conducted user research with 30 kids around 8-12 years old, for identifying key pain points.
Created User Journey, flowchart, wireframe and information architecture.
Created Mascot, logo, and Design system.
Successfully presented and launched the Hi-fi prototype, resulting in 84,2 score for sus feedback.
INTERNSHIP
Pt. Stream Titipapan Marelan, Kota Medan
Illustrator, Intern Agustus 2022 - September 2022
Discussed with fellow Illustrator division colleagues and the Head of the division about the NFT character design brief.
Create one NFT character for the Event Poster.
Prepare manual sketches, digital sketches, colorings, and shading.
NONFORMAL EDUCATION
UI/UX Foundation Online
VIX Academy September 2024 - November 2024
Designed a finance application about Emergency Fund for GenZ and Millenials.
Conducted an In-dept Interview with 5 users for Primary Research.
Created some main features includesavings and AI Assitance on Figma.
Bootcamp UIUX Design Online
Rakamin Academy May 2023 - September 2023
Technologies Used: Figma
Sharpening HCD, proses Design Thinking, Riset UX, MVP, Prototyping, Principles UX Desain, and Usability Testing.
Assist preparing presentation content for mini studycase and prototype testing.
Gathering and collecting important information about user to be synthesized and pain point.
Making Persona, scope of the project, until the MVP Stage.
Intro UI/UX Online
Skilvul June 2024 - June 2024
Gathering and creating user persona from synthesis
Created Wireframe, information architecture, low-fi prototype.
Created landing page using Figma that enables kids or parents to using Rebit without app or download through website.
CERTIFICATION
Certificate Competence of Design Graphic, Lembaga Sertifikasi Teknologi Digital, 2024.
.Certificate of Completion Intro to UI/UX, Skilvul, 2024.
Specialization Certificate, Rakamin Academy, 2023.
SKILL
Hard Skill: Desain graphic (Adobe Illustrator, Procreate, CSP), UI/UX Design (Wireframes, Mockup, Prototyping).
Software Skill: Figma, Procreate, Clip Studio Paint, dan Adobe Illustrator.