Nawal Aulia
aulianawal23@gmail.com 085889019230 Sidoarjo, East Java
https://www.linkedin.com/in/nawal-aulia-745a6b290
SUMMARY
As a fifth semester student of Informatics Engineering Study Program at Universitas Pembangunan
Nasional "Veteran" East Java, I have a strong interest in Web Development and Data Analysis. I am
proficient in several programming languages, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and Python,
and have a basic understanding of database design and management using MySQL. I can also
operate several applications that support data analysis and visualization such as Dbeaver,
PostgreSQL, Pentaho, and Tableau. In addition to my technical skills, I am also known for my
excellent coordination and teamwork skills. My dedication to achieving common goals, adaptability
in a dynamic team environment, and desire to continue to grow have motivated me to further
enhance my IT skills through this program.
EDUCATION
Collage of Universitas Pembangunan Nasional "Veteran" Jawa Timur Aug 2022 - Now
Informatic Engineering
GPA : 3.9 /4.00
July 2019 - June 2022
MAN Sidoarjo
Science
92/100
TRAINING AND CERTIFICATION
Studi Independent Bersertifikat in Celeretaes School from
September - December 2024
Kampus Merdeka
Data Analyst and Business Intelligence
Store large datasets from various sources in a data warehouse through a structured process.
Read business reports and assess the impact of data on decision-making.
Measure and analyze Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) based on defined metrics.
Use SQL to access, manipulate, and analyze data from databases.
Create dashboards using Tableau, Power BI, and Excel.
Detect patterns or trends to forecast future events.
IDCamp 2024 by Dicoding and Indosat Ooredoo Oktober - December 2024
Front-End Web Developer
Learn the basics of web development, such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Learn the basic concepts of programming using JavaScript.
Learn the basics of artificial intelligence (AI).
Create a Front-End web application for beginners.
Learn the latest version of JavaScript (ES6+) such as the use of let/const, arrow functions,
promises, async/await, and destructuring.
May 2024
DQLab Learning Package Membership
Focusing on learning the basics of Python and SQL, as well as learning data analysis.
In this course, I learned the basics of the R language.
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Ordiksar Saka Kencana Jenggala 2024 Comittee June - August 2024
Secretary
Record and document meeting results and reports.
Prepare official letters needed during the activity.
Building Character Day 2023 August - October 2023
Consumer and health division
Arrange the consumption list for participants and committee in the 2023 BCD activities, and
prepare and distribute medicines neatly and efficiently.
Vest Java 2023 May - July 2023
Sponsorship division
Thinking and planning alternative funding sources that can increase income, as well as
preparing and submitting sponsorship proposals to potential parties.
Obtaining 4 sponsors, namely Unipin, Maxwin, Makaroni udolado, and the ML community.
Connection Day 2022 December 2022 - February 2023
Venture fund division
Holding a special event to raise additional funds and design an attractive proposal to be
submitted to potential sponsors.
In this event, the business fund division provided financial support of Rp. 2,345,000,- obtained
from product sales, paid promotion, and questionnaire filling services.
Fasilkom Fest 2022 October 2022 - February 2023
Competition division
Responsible for Fasikom Fest activities by organizing and managing the running of the activities.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Scout extracurricular mentor at MI Rodlotul Ulum, Sidoarjo (Part-Time) August 2024 - Now
Data Entry (Freelance) October 2024
PROJECT
Analysis and Visualization of DVD Rental Database December 2024
Final Project of Kampus Merdeka at celerates school program Data Analyst & Business Intelligence.
Analysis and Visualization of Northwind Database November 2024
Project of Kampus Merdeka at celerates school program Data Analyst & Business Intelligence.
Sentiment Analysis of Twitter User Comments on Presidential Candidate Number 02 June 2024
During the Vice Presidential Debate Using Naive Bayes (Program and Journal)
Final Project from Artificial Intelligence Course
Web-Based Regional Problem Complaint Project for Rungkut District June 2024
Final Project from Web Programming Course
Web-Based UI/UX Design Project for Pawnshops
May 2024
Final Project from Interface Design Course
OTHER EXPERIENCE September 2024
Awarded the 2024 Academic Scholarship from the Sidoarjo government.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Technical Skills: HTML, CSS, PHP, Python, C, SQL, Git Lab, Canva, Ms. Office, Visual Studio
Code, Google Colab, Figma, Tableau, Power BI, Pentaho, Dbeaver, PostgreSQL
Languages: Indonesia, English.
Soft Skills : Team Work, Good Communication, Creativity, Time Management, Problem Solving.
Interest : Data Analist, Web Developer, UI/UX, Artificial Intelligence.