RAJA ZULKARNAIN HASIBUAN
+628974302279 | flyisbetter57@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/rajazulkarnainhasibuan | behance.net/gallery/200581725/Portfolio-MSIB
I am a 4th semester student majoring in Information Systems at Prima Indonesia University, passionate about the creative industry.
experienced in participating in committees as a national volunteer and have worked for more than 4 years in the field of Graphic Design.
Actively completed UI/UX Design projects so as to hone skills in creating wireframes, userflows, prototypes, and understand the basics of
design thinking. Utilized tools such as Whimsical, Balsamiq, and several others effectively in various UI/UX and Graphic Design projects.
Education
Universitas Prima Indonesia - Medan, Indonesia Sep 2022 - Sep 2026 (Expected)
Bachelor Degree in Information System, 3.66/4.00
Work Experiences
Freelance - Remote, Indonesia Jul 2022 - Present
Graphic Design Part-time
Completed over 100+ social media design projects with a focus on daily content needs to increase engagement and exposure.
Conducted extensive research using Pinterest, Behance, and Instagram to gather inspiration and design trends, then implemented
the results with digital imaging methods to produce relevant works.
Collaborated with a community of professional designers to get valuable advice and insight to maximize project results.
PT DIPDOP UNIVERSE CORP - Remote, Indonesia Feb 2024 - Apr 2024
Graphic Design Internship
Designed 3-4 times per week, ensuring alignment and visuals across materials, and maintained a strong, integrated brand identity.
Accomplished the design by observing and integrating inputs coming from the marketing team, ensuring that the final result reflects
the established marketing vision and strategy.
Designed DipDop's company profile by utilizing in-depth analysis through the company's website platform, resulting in a design that
effectively reinforces the brand image.
Devnation Esports - Medan, Indonesia Jan 2020 - Sep 2022
Graphic Design Full-time
Completed over 500+ design projects on a weekly schedule, using visual consistency, visual branding, and typography techniques
with tools such as Figma, Photoshop, and Ibis Paint. Applied the observe, imitate, modify method to effectively create visual results.
Developed identity themes and design templates that were updated every 3 months, which ensured the company's designs were
recognizable through a variety of consistent and appealing visual characteristics
Composing content and providing creative ideas to meet future content needs, focusing on developing relevant content strategies.
Volunteer and Project Experiences
Mahasiswa Inspiratif Award 2024 - Medan, Indonesia Feb 2024 - Mar 2024
Executive Committee
As a member of publication, decoration, and documentation (PDD), contributed in concept development, and creative ideas creation. I
also designed brochures, flyers, backdrops, x-banner, photobooth, medals, plaques, and certificates of more than 300 event
participants.
Simulasi Kerja (SIM-K) by Harisenin.com - Remote, Indonesia Apr 2024 - May 2024
UI/UX Design Project
Designed fashion on e-commerce application projects with a profound knowledge of user interface design and user experience
principles. Advanced in wireframe creation, prototyping, style guide creation, responsive design, usability testing, and user flow
analysis.
Additional
Hard Skills: Digital Imaging, Visual Design, Typography, Wireframing, Prototyping, UI Design, Layout, and Composition.
Soft Skills: Presistence, Disciplined, Time Management, Teamwork, Problem solving, Creative, and Professional.
Software: Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe Photoshop, Maze, Miro, Medium, Whimsical, Canva, Trello, Notion, and Google Trends.
Certifications: Certified in User Experience (UX) Design Foundations by Coursera 2023, Certified in User Experience Digital Skills by
FutureLearn 2023, Certified in UI/UX Design Simulasi Kerja (SIM-K) by Harisenin.com 2024
Language Skills: Indonesian (Native), English (Passive)