SARAH RIZQ ANASTASIA GOVA
+6287897809000 | sarah.ranastasia@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/sarahrizqanastasia
A dedicated and detail-oriented fresh graduate in Communication Science with a proven track record of academic excellence and hands-
on experience in secretarial, public relations, marketing, event management, and organizational development. Adept at organizing,
managing tasks, and collaborating within teams efficiently. Known for strong organizational, teamwork, and creative problem-solving with
a passion for fostering meaningful connections and driving impactful projects in dynamic environments. Currently seeking opportunities
and deeply interested in people development, secretarial functions, public relations, and marketing roles.
Education Level
Universitas Sriwijaya - Palembang, South Sumatera Sep 2020 - Jul 2024
Bachelor Communication Science, 3.90/4.00
Majoring in Journalism.
Participated and managed 20+ events within the university.
Work Experiences
Pemerintah Provinsi Sumatera Selatan - Palembang, South Feb 2023 - Jun 2023
Sumatera
Public Relations Intern
Produced 30+ press releases to highlight government programs and events, ensuring effective and engaging communication with the
public and media.
Prepared 10+ official documents for external duty to supporting the operational needs of the team.
Covering events attended by the Governor, Deputy Governor or their representatives.
Maintained high quality written materials under tight deadlines and consistently assuring accuracy and professionalism.
Pempek Cek Molek Cabang Jakarta - Palembang, South Oct 2022 - May 2023
Sumatera
Marketing Staff
Successfully ran Instagram campaigns that resulted in a 20% increase in product sales, contributing to significant revenue growth.
Developed product sales by forging partnership with external distributors accross 6 regions in Jakarta, significantly growing customer
base and increased regional sales.
Prepared collaboration initiatives with relevant stakeholders to enhance brand awareness in national and international markets.
Organizational Experiences
LPM LIMAS FISIP Sriwijaya University - Palembang, South Sumatera Mar 2023 - Mar 2024
Vice Secretary
Led a team of 9 members in the secretarial bureau, fostering a collaborative working environment.
Handled 40+ incoming letters and 300+ outgoing letters.
Managed 50+ staff attendance records and documented 30+ meeting notes.
Improved adherence to schedules and reducing delays by 25%, ensuring timely execution of organizational work programs leading to
a smoother workflow.
Trained 20+ participants in Kelas Kesekretariatan upgrading and earning 100% positive feedbacks for practical insights.
Served as a steering committee for multiple organizational programs, contributing a planning and execution to ensure success.
LPM LIMAS FISIP Sriwijaya University - Palembang, South Sumatera Mar 2022 - Feb 2023
Research and Development Staff
Successfully organized 4 upgrading programs, trained 40+ members with 70% improved skills and increased collaboration among
members.
Arranged informal events to enhance the internal relationships within the organization and achieved a 25% improvement in team
engagement.
Identified and processed 20% significant issues through Bank Isu covering various social and academic aspects within the faculty.
Conducting visits to 20+ other organizations and increased awareness by 40% with the aim of collaborating and building valuable
connections.
HIMAKOM FISIP Sriwijaya University - Palembang, South Sumatera Jul 2021 - Mar 2022
Human Resource Development Staff
Attracted over 280+ participants through webinar to raising awareness of mental health issues among students and increasing
engagement by 30%.
Co-organized upgrading for 70+ attendees with 20% increase in member engagement providing sessions focused on personal and
professional growth.
Trained a team of 13 prospective members with 90% reporting improved understanding of organizational functions and work program
preparation.
Successfully managed the recruitment process for onboarded 80+ new members, expanded the membership by 40%, fostering a
stronger and more diverse community.
Organized 5+ activities for 100+ attendees resulting a stronger internal bonds and improved skills.
Skills and Other Experiences
Soft Skills: Analytical Thinking, Attention to Detail, Leadership, Teamwork, Growth Mindset, Integrity, Adaptability, Work Ethic, Project
Management, and People Development.
Hard Skills: Microsoft Office (Word, Power Point, Excel), Google Service (Form, Docs, Slides, Drive), Canva, Capcut.
Language: Bahasa Indonesia (Native or Bilingual Proficiency), English (Limited Working Proficiency)
Volunteering: Intensive training of fire prevention teams for South Sumatera by Greenpeace Indonesia (2024), Art Exhibition Staff for
FISIP Art and Exhibition Space : Gerakan Menggambar Indonesia Palembang by FISIP UNSRI, Forum Drawing Indonesia, and
Organisasi Mahasiswa Keluarga Mahasiswa FISIP UNSRI (2022)
Achievements: 3rd Winner of Photography Competition by LPM LIMAS, Sriwijaya University (2021)