Safana Putri Nurmalia
linkedin.com/in/safana-putri-nurmalia-446249299/
+6285742368144 safanaptr283@gmail.com Banguntapan, Bantul, DIY
SUMMARY
Fresh graduate bachelor of communication science with a concentration in Public Relations
who are enthusiastic, creative and fast learners with broad interests in various fields including
digital marketing, corporate, and content writer. Have good communication and
interpersonal skills and experience in digital marketing through the Rakamin Academy
Project-Based Internship program in collaboration with one of the cellular
telecommunications retail companies and as a content writer for one of the press media in
Yogyakarta. Eager to contribute and thrive in a dynamic and challenging work environment.
Education
Ahmad Dahlan University Yogyakarta - S1 Communication Science / GPA: 3.81/4.00
Experience
Project-Based Virtual Intern: Digital Marketing Specialist
Erajaya x Rakamin Academy | Feb 2024 - March 2024
Complete various tasks related to Erajaya's digital marketing activities, such as digital
marketing plan, social media management, and Digital Campaign.
Public Service Internship
BPJS Ketenagakerjaan Yogyakarta | August 2024- September 2024
Served individual and company BPJS membership registration.
Successfully re-registered more than 15 new JHT claimants.
Inputting membership and company or MSME data into Ms.Excel.
Content Writer Internship
RADAR JOGJA | Sept 2024- Nov 2024
Writing current news articles as directed by mentors
Successfully wrote more than 36 articles for publication on RadarJogja website.
PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Politic Communication Class Project
Public Service Advertising (PEMILU) - July 2023
As a telent on this project
Learn to work under pressure
Try to communicate well on camera and work with the team on the project
Project Reportage of Public Relations Code of Ethics - Museum Muhammadiyah
December 2023
Serves as a reporter on reportage projects
Contribute to narrative and content development
Collect relevant data and information related to Muhammadiyah Museum through
direct observation and interviews.
Produce informative reportage content about the educational value of the
Muhammadiyah Museum.
Sosial Media division
Event Management Class Project UAD MOTO EXHIBITION | May 2024-July 2024
Create a content plan and develop a tiktok content strategy
Create engaging and high-quality content
Become content writing for tiktok and instagram media content
Co-produce talent and edit video content that will be uploaded on TikTok
SKILL
Hard skills: Indonesian (advanced), English (Beginner)
Softskills: Verbal communication, Teamwork, Effective presentation, Time
Management, Negotiation, Content Creation, Content Writing, Content Planing.
Software skills: Microsoft Office, Canva, PowerPoint,, CapCut, VN