SHAFA KAYLA PUTRI
+62895359405544 | Jakarta, Indonesia | www.linkedin.com/in/shafa-kayla
I am a dedicated fifth-semester student majoring in Communication at National University, specializing in Public
Relations. I have developed strong communication skills through coursework and part-time jobs, which
demonstrate my ability to convey ideas effectively both verbally and in writing. I really have a great interest in a
career in the field of Communication as a Public Relations and Human Resources practitioner.
Work Experiences
KARANG TARUNA - Jakarta, Indonesia Jan 2023
Master of Ceremony
Coordinate with participants on the program, such as speakers, performers, or special guests, to make sure everyone is present and
ready to appear on schedule.
Present important information to audiences, such as special events, rules, or announcements.
Create a positive and friendly atmosphere during the event.
TITIK TEMU COFFEE - Jakarta, Indonesia Jun 2023 - Nov 2023
Floor Staff
Greet and escort customers to their tables.
Present the menu and provide detailed information about menu items.
Take orders and serve food and beverages promptly.
Ensure that tables are set properly with clean linens, napkins, and tableware.
TITIK TEMU COFFEE - Jakarta, Indonesia Nov 2023 - Mar 2024
Barista
An ability in the setup and maintenance of espresso machines.
Prepare a variety of beverages, including espresso-based drinks, drip coffee, tea, and specialty drinks.
Customize drinks according to customer specifications, such as adjusting sweetness or milk types.
BLEU Cafe n Space - Jakarta, Indonesia Mar 2024 - Present
Barista
An ability in the setup and maintenance of espresso machines.
Mastery art latte and beverage decorations.
A specialty of coffee diffusion techniques.
Regularly clean and maintain coffee machines, grinders, and other equipment to ensure optimal performance.
One Third Consulting & Abroad - Jakarta, Indonesia Aug 2024 - Oct 2024
Marketing Communication Internship
One Third Consulting & Abroad (OTCA) is an education service provider that is focusing on language learning and study and work
abroad consultation . We are currently opening online classes for German, French, Japanese, Korean and Chinese.
Doing an event with a target of one month, Internship preparation to become an MC and zoom operator, Creating a TOR event to be
submitted to a partnership sharing session, Looking for media or event partner
Education Level
SMAN 46 Jakarta - Jakarta, Indonesia Jul 2019 - Apr 2022
Senior High School
Analyzing basil's data on experiments and formulating reports. Got good grades at the end of the semester.
National University - Jakarta, Indonesia Sep 2022 -
Organisational Experience
Wijaya Cup - Jakarta, Indonesia Nov 2018 - Dec 2018
Contact Person
Manage the exchange of information between the participants, vendors, sponsors, and others.
Pengabdian Masyarakat - Depok, Indonesia Jan 2023
Commite
Being a committee in the student program teaching with orphans.
Pengabdian - Jakarta, Indonesia Jul 2023
Commite
Service event held to fulfill task 2. Our target audience is minors and event with the theme of gadget use
Providing guidance, support, and counseling to individuals in need, particularly youth and at-risk populations.
Bakti Sosial - Jakarta, Indonesia Jul 2024
Executive Secretary
In order to fulfill Task 2 and the Final Semester Exam, we are students And National University students hold community service to children
Teenagers at Yayasan Al-Kahfi Foundation with the title "Gadget Talk: Good and Bad Impact Gadgets in the realm of teenagers"
Schedule meetings and appointments related to event planning.
Track event expenses and assist in budget management.
Respond to inquiries and provide information about the event.
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
Soft Skills: Communication, Time management, Adaptability, Problem-solving, Teamwork, Creativity, Interpersonal skills, Work ethic,
Organizational Skill
Hard Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Google Suite (Gmail, Google Slides, Google Sheets, Google Docs
and Google Forms, etc), Canva, CapCut, Inshot, Filmora and Zoom.
Achievements (2024): CONTRIBUTION AS A PERSON IN CHARGE FOR IMPORTANT PREPARATIONS BEFORE STARTING
AUSBILDUNG IN THE FIELD OF HOSPITALITY SHARING SESSION
Webinars Attended (2024): As the committee member of Journey Beyond Borders: Achieving Dreams with IYE Scholarship Sharing
Session