TEGAR SAKTI RAMADHAN
Tangerang, ID | +6285161911236 | tegarrmdhn011@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/tegar-sakti-ramadhan-361269219
EDUCATION
UNIVERSITAS GUNADARMA Tangerang, ID
Undergraduate Information Systems Sept 2021 - Present
Cumulative GPA: 3.72
Activities & Achievements :
Digital Technology Education Scholarships | Sinarmas - Land 2023
Hackfest participant 0x07 | Cyber Community Universitas Gunadarma 2023
Sertifikasi BNSP Junior Web Developer 2024
Sertifikasi BNSP System Analyst 2024
EXPERIENCE
Soko Financial Aug 2024 Dec 2024
Product Development
Creating a scrum to effectively manage the development and execution of classes in Soko Financial.
Designing a marketing strategy to promote Soko Financial classes through market analysis and optimization of
digital channels.
Collaborate with other divisions so that the program can run smoothly
Universitas Gunadarma
Assistant MK Praktikum Unggulan (DGX) Jan 2024 Jul 2024
Assist students in solving their problems in practicum sessions using the NVIDIA DGX-1 and DGXA100, focusing on
deep learning, machine learning, and artificial intelligence using Python.
Handle technical Issues.
Analyzing and managing information from students to compile it into a report presented in the form of a database table.
PROJECTS
We collaborated as a team to create a website for early marriage applications for the Government of Blitar City, using
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, PHP, Laravel, and MySQL.
I developed an e-commerce website, Syapira Store, using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, PHP, Laravel,
and MySQL.
Build a full-stack web application for car rentals using HTML, CSS, PHP, LARAVEL, MYSQL
Develop a full-stack web application for restaurant reservations using HTML, CSS, PHP, and MySQL
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages : PHP, JavaScript, Python, HTML/CSS, SQL.
Frameworks: Laravel
Developer Tools: Draw.io, Figma, Trello, Vs Code, Git, Jupiter Notebook, Power BI
Certifications & Training :
Node JS Coding Training (PT Sinarmas Land)
MSIB Study Independent Fullstack Web Developer (PT Arkatama Multi Solisindo)
Data Analytics And GenAI (PT Revolusi Cita Edukasi)
ACTIVITES
SINARMAS LAND
Node JS Coding Training Feb 2023 Mar 2023
Created a personal website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for an attractive and responsive design.
Designed and developed an e-commerce website displaying product catalogs obtained through dummyjson.com API
using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, with a focus on visually appealing aesthetics.
Learned basic concepts of Node.js and npm (Node Package Manager) as a foundation for web development.
Understood and used Express.js as a backend web development framework, including creating dynamic pages using
the EJS template engine.
Implemented RESTful API with Express.js to enhance communication efficiency between frontend and backend.
Built a complete web project using Express.js and MySQL, demonstrating the ability to integrate frontend and
backend and manage the database.
Demonstrated the use of middleware in Express.js to manage various aspects of the request-response process.
Understood and implemented route management and the use of cookies in Express.js to optimize navigation and
user experience.
Understood the basic concepts of authentication and security in web development and applied them in the project
using Express.js.
Universitas Gunadarma
Studi Independent FullStack Web Developer
Create a website to display products using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for an attractive and responsive design.
Display products on the website using an API.
Implement OOP in PHP for the website I previously created.
We collaborated as a team to create a website for early marriage applications for the Government of Blitar City, using
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, PHP, Laravel, and MySQL.
I developed an e-commerce website, Syapira Store, using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, PHP, Laravel,
and MySQL.
ORGANIZATION
KSPM UNIVERSITAS GUNADARMA
Research And Development Agust 2022 Jul 2023
Performing fundamental and technical analysis of a stock.
Preparing materials for upload to KSPM social media.
Preparing materials for a workshop if one is to be held.
Examining macroeconomic factors and industry trends that could impact the company's performance, such as
changes in interest rates, regulatory environment, and technological advancements.
Utilizing technical analysis tools and indicators to identify potential entry and exit points for trading or investment
decisions.