JEREMY REINALDY MANSA
jeremyreinaldy@gmail.com | 081342166848 | www.linkedin.com/in/jeremy-reinaldy-mansa | Palu,
Sulawesi Tengah (94118)
SUMMARY
I am an Information Systems student from Tadulako University who is active in communities outside the
campus. My strong interest in graphic design and UI/UX motivated me to take a digital design course and
gain valuable experience through training and internships as a Graphic Designer and UI Designer. I am
determined to have a professional career in design, and am confident that I can make a significant
contribution in every professional opportunity.
.
EDUCATION
Tadulako University - Palu
Information Systems Information Technology 2021 - now
Information System student of Tadulako University with final GPA of 3.91/4.00 (130 credits).
Relevant courses taken are Human-Computer Interaction, which strengthens understanding in design
and user experience.
WORK EXPERIENCE
GPdI Kota Palu
Social media admin 2020 - now
Responsible for producing content for the @gpdikotapalu Instagram account, including creating
Instagram feeds and YouTube thumbnails. Consistently upload 2-3 pieces of content every week.
ACHIEVEMENT
SMAN MODEL TERPADU MADANI
Computer Olympiad 2019 - 2020
Successfully won the High School Computer Olympiad and successfully qualified for the Central
Sulawesi provincial level.
Digital Poster Design Competition Orang Utan 2021
Won 1st Place in the Digital Poster Design Competition with the theme "Care for Orangutans", where
the poster design explains the urgency of protecting orangutans and the reasons why they must be
protected.
ORGANICATIONAL EXPERIENCE
SMAN MODEL TERPADU MADANI Palu
Commission 1 of the Class Representative Assembly- Member Position 2017-2018
Carrying out duties as a Supervisory Board in every OSIS program held, and submitting reports on the
results of supervision at monthly general meetings.
EXTRA CAMPUS ORGANIZATIONS Palu
Youth Gama - 2020 - now
Responsible for documentation and publication tasks for activities, including the design of flyers,
pamphlets, banners, thumbnails, and other materials according to the needs of the event being held.
COMMITTEE
Gama Youth Christmas 2023
Youth Gama Documentation Publication August- December 2023
Responsible for documentation and publication tasks for activities, including the design of flyers,
pamphlets, banners, thumbnails and other materials.
Gama Youth Retreat 2023
Youth Gama Documentation Publication May - July 2023
Responsible for documentation and publication tasks for activities, including the design of flyers,
pamphlets, banners, thumbnails and other materials.
Character Building Camp (CBC) Central Sulawesi 2023
CBC Documentation Publication August - October 2023
Responsible for documentation and publication tasks for activities, including the design of flyers,
pamphlets, banners, thumbnails and other materials.
PROJECT
Assistant Dosen
Design and Management Courses March 2022
Play a role in conducting research with respondents from several institutions for the development of
the creation of an Electronic-Based Government System (SPBE) in the Parigi Moutong area, Central
Sulawesi.
Project Lead
Greatedu UI UX Designer Bootcamp Final Project October - December 2023
Leading a project team with 4 members, each as UX Copywriter, UI Designer, UX Researcher, and UX
Designer. In charge of organizing their tasks, providing direction, and conducting analysis so that the
project runs smoothly.
BOOTCAMP
UI UX Designer
Mitra Great Edu July - December 2023
Taking UI/UX Designer training at Mitra Great Edu, deepen your skills as a UX Copywriter, UI
Designer, UX Researcher, and UX Designer.
UI UX Designer
My Skill Academy January - February 2024
Take UI/UX Designer training at Mitra My Skill to deepen your understanding of the principles of
proper and effective User Interface in various platforms such as applications, web, etc.
Graphic Designer
My Skill Academy March - April 2024
Taking Graphic Designer training which includes the use of Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator
applications to create various designs, including posters, flyers, product packaging, etc..
OTHER
Technical Skills : Photoshop, Canva, Adober Illustrator, Ms. Office, Ms. Excel.
SoftSkills : Time Management, Problem Solving, Team Work, Communication
Languages : Indonesia (Aktif), English (Pasif)
Certification : UI UX Designer Great Edu, UI Designer & Graphic Designer My Skill, BNSP System
Analyst
Interest : Digital Marketing, Data Analyst, UI UX Designer, Graphic Designer, Frontend web
developer