DAVIT ZARLY
Padang, Sumatera Barat | Davit Zarly | LinkedIn| +62 857-1937-0901 | davitzarly552@gmail.com | Hi! I'm Davit Zarly |
I am a 5th semester Informatics student at Universitas Negeri Padang, I have a deep interest in UI/UX design and Web
Programming. I have developed various relevant skills during my studies. One of them is completing a mini-project during my
Certified Independent Study (SIB) on the design of a lodging rental application. My career goal is to apply my skills to contribute
positively to organizations while pursuing my passion for UI/UX.
EDUCATION
Universitas Negeri Padang Padang, Indonesia
Faculty of Engineering August 2022 Present
GPA 3.57/4.00 Field: Informatics
Relevant Coursework: Software Engineering, Web Programming, Research Methodology
Studi Independen Bersertifikat Kampus Merdeka Kemendikbud x MyEduSolve Jakarta, Indonesia
UI/UX Design Pathway October - December 2024
Certified Independent Study (SIB) is part of the Ministry of Education and Culture's Independent Campus
Program which aims to provide opportunities for students to learn and develop through activities
outside of lecture classes, but is still recognized as part of lectures and can be converted into credits.
I was selected as one of the Independent Study participants at MyEduSolve Pathway UI/UX partner, chosen
from 15000+ applicants from various universities in Indonesia. I had the opportunity to learn directly from
the experts during this 4-month intensive program.
Learning Objectives: Adobe Illustrator, Design for Delight, UX Research, Figma, Usability Testing
ORGANIZATION EXPERIENCE
Electronics Engineering Student Association Universitas Negeri Padang Padang, Indonesia
Information and Communication Staff February 2024 February 2025
Managed content production from research, recording, to publication on the student association's social
media platforms, attracting 500 prospective students.
Increased the viewership of the interview content to 50,000 viewers within 3 weeks of launch, with an
engagement rate of 15%, indicating high enthusiasm from the audience.
Successfully increased the number of followers of the student association's social media accounts by 45%
within 3 months through innovative and targeted content marketing strategies.
Introduction to Campus Life for New Students (PKKMB) event Padang, Indonesia
Head of Equipment Division August 2024
Lead 3 equipment division teams to ensure all event needs, including technical equipment, decorations, and
logistics, are in place.
Coordinated the procurement, distribution, and management of equipment during the 2-day event.
Successfully ensured the smooth running of the event welcoming more than 50 new students with optimally
organized equipment.
PROJECTS & PORTFOLIO
Design of Tripy mobile application within 1 week November 2024
A project that I created with my team of 5 people. Here is my job description:
Discuss and create an App design sitemap.
Work together to create design views with the team.
Testing the application design with usability testing methods with real users to ensure the Application is easy to
use.
Project presentation.
Redesigning the web portal vix-studio.com within 1 month November 2024 December 2024
A project that I created with my team of 5 people. Here is my job description :
Discuss and create a sitemap of the App design.
Conduct interviews with potential users to understand their needs, preferences, and problems encountered in
using similar applications.
Collaboratively create design views with the team.
Testing the app design using usability testing methods with real users to ensure the App is easy to use.
Project presentation.
CERTIFICATIONS
IT Specialist-adobe illustrator October 2024
Certiport Intuit Design for Delight Innovator | Total Score 848/1000, Credential ID: 90085449
IT Specialist-Intuit Design for Delight Innovator September 2024
Certiport Graphic Design & Illustration using Adobe Illustrator 2024 | Total Score 743/1000, Credential ID:

SKILLS & INTERESTS
Technical Skills: Microsoft Office, Adobe Illustrator, Figma
Soft Skills: Teamwork, Adaptability, Effective Communication, Leadership, Networking, Time Management.
Interests: User experience research and usability testing, Interface design and prototyping, Design thinking process and
problem solving.
LANGUAGES
Indonesia: Fluent
English: Basic