DINDA AMILIA
+6281934245184 | amiliadinda14@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/dindaamilia
Jalan Sei Tuntung Baru No.9a , Medan Baru, Sumatera Utara
I am a motivated and detail-oriented Physics graduate with honors from the University of Sumatera Utara. I
possess strong analytical and communication skills, complemented by a passion for continuous personal and
professional development. My open-minded approach allows me to thrive in collaborative environments and
actively engage in organizational activities. I am committed to identifying opportunities for enhancing both my soft
and hard skills. Inspired by Stephen Hawking's perspective that "intelligence is the ability to adapt to change," I
strive to adapt effectively to my surroundings, enabling me to contribute positively to future challenges and
innovations.
Work Experiences
PT. BIO FARMA - Bandung, Indonesia Jan 2025 - Present
Internship
Task Force Engineer - Cyclotron
British Academy - Medan, Indonesia May 2024 - Nov 2024
Part Time
English Secon Language Teacher
Making modul
Create a Study Plan
Communication
Administration
LIDA FISIKA - Univesitas Sumatera Utara Mar 2021 - Dec 2023
Laboratory Assistant
Providing basic services regarding the physical sciences and improving and developing basic physics learning methods. This laboratory
is intended as a means for students and lecturers in the learning process through practicum and research activities to produce graduates
who are competent in the field of physics
Successfully teached over 1000 university student for 3 years.
Organized recruitment and training program for new lab assistant.
Organized a gathering event that includes lectures and students.
Maintenance lab equipment to ensure effective teaching.
Organized and create module for teaching.
Teached about experiment and data analysis.
Education Level
Universiti Sains Malaysia (USM) - Penang, Malaysia Sep 2024 -
Master School of Chemistry
Universitas Sumatera Utara - Medan, Sumatera Utara, Indonesia Aug 2019 - Jun 2023
Bachelor Science, 3.71/4.00
SMAN 2 MEDAN - Medan, Sumatera Utara, Indonesia Jul 2016 - May 2019
High School IPA
won 2nd traditional dance in Kuala Lumpur International Jamboree
JOTA JOTI, to make a connection around the world
Treasurer, Student Council
Treasurer, Class Representative Assembly
Pemangku Adat, Scout. To make sure the other scout member under the rules. Being this role means ready to become a good
listener to everyone and neutral to any problems in scouting.
Participant, Massive English Training
Successfully create a big music event with famous artist in Indonesia
Successfully organized and create many event such as religious event, sport event, graduation event, gathering event, recruitment
and many more.
Organisational Experience
Ikatan Mahasiswa Fisika Nov 2019 - Jun 2023
Member of interest and talent
As a place to develop students' abilities in various fields of science and not only limited to the knowledge studied in the department.
Successfully create the event such as gathering, religious event, sport event for the last 3 years.
Developed physics students to increase their interest and talent
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
International Community Services (2024): Create, socialize and discuss the making of graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) to
Universiti Sains Malaysia students in Penang.
Projects (2023): Research on Sodium Ion Battery Anode and Analysis data from electrochemical characterization (CV, CD, EIS) in
BRIN
Achievements (2022): Finalis 5 Besar PLN INNOVATION AND COMPETITION IN ELCTRICITY (PLN ICE) TAHUN 2022
Training (2022): Standardization and Training on Occupational Safety and Health (K3) for Laboratory Management (Physics,
Chemistry, Biology) Basic UPT PP LIDA USU
Language : Fluent in Indonesia and English
Hard Skills: Advance in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, OneNote)
Hard Skills: Design software (AutoCAD, Sketchup, Canvas)
Soft Skills: Team Work, Public Speaking, Analysis data, Leadership, Communication