FARID ALI YAFI
wa.me/6287819522632 | faridaliyafi01@gmail.com |Surabaya, Jawa Timur 60154 |
https://bit.ly/PortofolioFaridAliYafi | Linkedin.com/in/faridaliyafi
SUMMARY
I am a 7th semester student majoring in Communication at UIN Sunan Ampel Surabaya who has a career interest in digital marketing, public
relations and broadcasting. Has internship experience in the field of digital marketing (strategic social media, content writer, and marketing
copywriter), one of which is at PT. Talenta Sinergi Group Eduwork, PT. Linguo Edu Indonesia, PT. Zona Media Pembaru ZonaEBT, and
community relations internship at Pemerintah Provinsi Jawa Timur.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Universitas Islam Negeri Sunan Ampel Surabaya Surabaya, Jawa Timur Sept 2021 Present
S1 Islamic Communication and Broadcasting
Reach IPK 3,87/4.00
Relevant Courses: Public Relation, Creative Writing, Entrepreneurship Communication, and Presentation and Negotiation Techniques,
Event Organizer, and Communication Psychology
Achievement: Resilient Youth Scholarship Awardee for the Department of Culture, Youth and Sports and Tourism
(DISBUDPORAPAR) of Surabaya City
Activities: Assistant manager of scientific journals for the Faculty of Da'wah and Communication, article manager for the social media
website of the Faculty of Da'wah and Communication, Mentor of Sinau Bareng at Dinas Pendidikan (DISPENDIK) of Surabaya city
2023, and Research and Development staff of Ikatan Qari' & Qari ah Mahasiswa UIN Sunan Ampel 2023.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Lindungi Hutan Semarang, Jawa Barat Aug 2024 Nov 2024
SEO Content Writer Internship
Create and manage various types of short content (blog articles and social media content) as many as 2 briefs in one week and create
an ebook on protecting forests
Conduct in-depth research on the topic to be written about in each article, both through primary and secondary sources, and apply on-
page SEO techniques such as keyword optimization, meta descriptions and article structure.
Successfully produced a number of quality articles every month according to the target with a total of 12 articles by increasing company
website traffic by 80% every month
Biro Administrasi Pimpinan Pemerintah Provinsi Jawa Timur Surabaya, Jawa Timur Jan 2024 April 2024
Public Relation Internship
Organize and conduct press conferences to convey important information to the mass media
Manage social media accounts (Instagram and Tiktok) of East Java provincial government institutions to interact with the public,
disseminate information and build engagement.
Make a prees realase of every activity participated in by the governor of East Java
Successfully documented all activities of the Governor of East Java
PT. Talenta Sinergi Group Eduwork Yogyakarta, Jawa Tengah Mar 2024 Jun 2024
Social Media Strategist Internship
Create and manage various types of marketing content (social media content briefs, captions, email marketing) resulting in an 80%
increase in engagement with the target audience.
Responsible for all marketing needs through writing by developing creative ideas and writing concepts using copywriting formulas
techniques and producing 24 content creative and persuasive social media content summaries for various platforms, company social
media (Instagram and Linkedin)
Collaborate with the creative design team in applying attractive design features to align with the content brief, and produce content that
creates a high engagement rate on social media.
Jaditau.ed Yogyakarta, Jawa Tengah Apr 2024 Jun 2024
Social Media Specialist Internship
Create and manage various types of marketing content (creating brief content and captions) which results in increased engagement with
the target audience by 80% every month
Successfully created 24 content briefs for the company's social media needs
Collaborate with the creative design team in applying attractive design features to align with the content brief, and produce content that
creates a high engagement rate on social media.
Conshub Foundation Jakarta, Jawa Barat Feb 2024 Jun 2024
Media & Creative Copywriter Marketing Internship
Successfully managed content briefs for the company's social media (Instagram, Twitter and Linkedin) and achieved increased
engagement with the target audience by 75% on each social media.
Successfully obtained the best internship title during the intern period in the growth marketing division
Responsible for all marketing needs through writing by developing creative ideas and writing concepts and producing 48 content
creative and persuasive social media content brief texts for various platforms, company social media including advertising, websites,
social media and other marketing materials.
Collaborate with the creative design team in applying attractive design features to align with the content brief, and produce content that
creates a high engagement rate on social media.
PT. Linguo Edu Indonesia (Linguo.id) Bandung, Jawa Barat Nov 2023 Feb 2024
Creative Writer Internship
Successfully managed content briefs for the company's social media (Instagram, Quora, and Blog Articles) and achieved an increase in
engagement with the target audience of 75% on each social media.
Responsible for all marketing needs through writing by developing creative ideas and writing concepts and producing 28 creative and
persuasive social media content briefs for various platforms, company social media including advertising, websites, social media and
other marketing materials.
Process short content writing using Google, Twitter, TikTok trend analysis tools, and copywriting formulas such as AIDA, PAS, FAB,
and CTA to produce good quality and persuasive content for listeners.
PT. Zona Media Pembaru ZonaEBT Jakarta, Jawa Barat Jan 2024 Apr 2024
Content Writer Internship
Created and managed various kinds of brief content (blog articles and social media content) resulting in increased social media
performance with audience engagement of 80%
Successfully wrote an article that passed and was published on the Good News Form Indonesia Makin Tahu Indonesia (GNFI) page
Conduct in-depth research on the topic to be written about in each article, both through primary and secondary sources, and apply on-
page SEO techniques such as keyword optimization, meta descriptions and article structure.
Successfully produced a number of quality articles every month according to the target with a total of 12 articles by increasing company
website traffic by 75% every month
Pawonjani Catering Surabaya, Jawa Timur Jun 2023 Sept 2023
Video Editor Internship
Succesfully processing various RAW videos for social media needs, 48 finished videos for one month and producing the highest
engagement rate of 20,000 viewers, 3 comment, and 12 share. And successfully increased the social media engagement rate by 80%
every month during the internship period.
Successfully won the award as the best internship employee during the internship period.
Collaborate with the production and marketing teams on the video brief and produce videos with the best editing and good quality.
Kompas TV Jawa Timur Surabaya, Jawa Timur Mar 2023 Apr 2023
Production Team Cameraman Internship
Successfully visualizing the concept of camera angles that will be taken during program production so as to produce good quality
program video results perform lighting location analysis and visual creativity
Collaborated actively and creatively with the director and creative team to create a strong visual experience on the video concept
production.
Operated Camcorder camera equipment with expertise, ensure optimal lighting, ensure stable ceramonic audio recording and obtain
images that are aesthetic and in line with the project vision.
Successfully edited 30 episodes in a month, editing the production footage using Adobe Premiere application skills, cutting, arranging,
combining visual elements, providing non-copyright video background. And can produce good and perfect quality videos.
PT. Rise Lanskap Hortikultura (OKE Garden) Depok, Jawa Barat Dec 2021 Apr 2022
Video Editor Internship
Successfully edited a video based on the company's content pillars using Adobe Premiere and Canva with the highest insight of 221
thousand viewers, 603 comments and 1,692 shares
Successfully completed the task as a video editor during the internship period, with a total of 42 Instagram video reels with the highest
engagement rate of 224 viewers, 6 YouTube videos, and 14 YouTube Short Videos with good quality results and getting high insight.
Collaborated actively and creatively with the creative team to create a strong visual experience on the video concept production.
Created interesting visual editing needs such as video bumpers, titles and visual effects using Adobe Premiere to produce interesting
and creative videos
PT. Rumah Halal Nusantara X Priorads Surabaya, Jawa Timur Dec 2021 Apr 2022
Content Creator Full Time
Generate 15 content ideas every month that are innovative and interesting from the beginning of script preparation to the post-production
stage of content in the form of content reels, YouTube and other company content campaigns.
Collaborate with marketing, design and creative teams to ensure alignment of marketing messages and objectives
Successfully increased social media engagement rates by 70% on Instagram by creating creative content in the form of Instagram reels,
TikTok and YouTube videos
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE
Study Program Student Association (HMP) KPI UIN Sunan Ampel Surabaya, Jawa Timur Aug 2022 Jun 2023
Staff Department of Communication and Information (Kominfo)
Build and implement a social media strategy by creating content planning every month by monitoring performance through
spreadsheets, thereby producing consistent, neat and systematic contentSuccessfully created weekly and monthly content planners for
publications
Manage content production, including images, videos and writing to high quality standards, and produce engaging and relevant content
to increase audience engagement.
Provide regular reports on social media performance to the relevant team as a social media evaluation, and produce progress and content
improvements every month by achieving an engagement rate of 75% every month.
Lembaga Pers Mahasiswa (LPM) Ara Aita UIN Sunan Ampel Surabaya, Jawa Timur May 2023 Dec 2023
Editor in Chief
Design and implement editorial strategies that are in line with the objectives of the press institution, and produce high-quality news
articles
Supervise the editorial team and manage tasks and responsibilities ensuring each team member contributes optimally
Led brainstorming sessions and developed editorial guidelines to ensure consistency and quality of content and resulted in the highest
levels of reader traffic reaching 80% from before.
Dakwah TV UIN Sunan Ampel Surabaya, Jawa Timur Dec 2022 Oct 2023
Head Program Campus Report
Lead and coordinate the production team, including creative writers, directors, editors, and presenters.
Maintaining high quality standards throughout production, including revisions and editing, so as to produce the highest audience
achievement on YouTube live streaming of 2000 viewers with 150 comments.
Collaborate with the creative team to develop innovative content concepts to produce content that is trendy and out of the box.
SKILLS & INTERESTS
Technical Skills Copywriting, SEO writer, social media anlytics, editing skills, all tools google workspace, digital
marketing strategy, analyst trend.
Soft-skills Leadership spirit, decision making skills, good time management, good communication and public
speaking, and good problem solving.
Indonesian Fluent
English Enough
Interests Digital marketing, social media spesialist, SEO copywriting, content writer and video editor