FATHAN AUFAR
+628988437136 | faufarfathan@apps.ipb.ac.id | Linkedin | Jalan Bumi Indah II Blok B3 No.24, Kota Depok, Jawa Barat
An extroverted and optimistic Economics undergraduate student with a strong passion for becoming a great
economist, expected to graduate in 2026. Highly interested in pursuing a career in finance, leveraging skills in financial
tools and knowledge gained through academic studies. Thrives in collaborative environments, bringing enthusiasm,
adaptability, and a results-oriented mindset to every opportunity.
Education Level
IPB University - Bogor, Indonesia Aug 2022 - Jul 2026 (Expected)
Undergraduate in Economics and Development, 3.72/4.00
Relevant Coursework: Econometrics I and II, Macroeconomics I and II, Microeconomics I and II, Moneter Economics, etc.
Volunteer & Organisational Experience
HIPOTESA - Bogor, Indonesia Jan 2024 - Dec 2024
Treasurer of Life Academic by Learning and Education (LABLE)
An executive board governing students of Economics at IPB University, with over 300 students actively engaged in various academic
and extracurricular activities.
Effectively managed the budget for 7 key programs, including E-Mentoring for exam preparation and E-Library for online resource
access. Ensured transparent financial reporting and cost-efficient planning for the successful implementation of these initiatives.
Led the C-Room and E-Tools event as the chief organizer, attracting over 200 participants and achieving a 90% satisfaction rate
through engaging activities and discussions.
IPB Finance Club - Bogor, Indonesia Jan 2024 - Dec 2024
Staff of Corporate Partnership
Managed partnerships for various events within the Finance Club, securing collaborations with 5+ companies and generating over
IDR 20 million in funding to support event execution.
Effectively managed all aspects of Corporate Partnership (CP) programs, such as distributing proposals, conducting pitches, and
maintaining partner communication, to secure successful collaborations and meet objectives.
Successfully facilitated collaboration with leading financial institutions, such as Sinarmas expanding the club's network and providing
new opportunities for 75+ members.
The 21st Hipotex-R - Bogor, Indonesia May 2024 - Sep 2024
Staff of Liaison Officer
Served as LO for the largest annual economics competition by HIPOTESA FEM IPB, uniting students nationwide to enhance
leadership and knowledge for the future.
Assisted in the execution of the National Competition, involving over 50 teams discussing critical economic issues and proposing
solutions for a better Indonesia.
Supported a National Seminar attended by more than 300 participants, successfully managing participant logistics and enhancing
their event experience.
The 15th Sportakuler - Bogor, Indonesia Apr 2024 - Sep 2024
Head of Fundraising & Sponsorship
A dynamic arts and sports event hosted by the Faculty of Economics and Management, uniting over 2000 students in an exciting
celebration of talent, teamwork, and creativity.
Successfully secured 10 sponsors, including leading brands such as Jobhun, Bromen, and Herbalife, resulting in a significant
increase in event funding.
Coordinated and executed fundraising initiatives that collectively raised over IDR 60 million, ensuring the financial success of the
event and covering all budgetary needs.
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
Hard Skills: Microsoft Tool, proficiency in a foreign languange, and administration.
Soft Skills: Time Management, Teamwork, Leadership, Project Management, and Problem Solving.
Languages: Indonesian (Native), English (Advanced Mid).
Projects (2022): 7 Habits of Highly Effective New College Students, combines training and mentoring, starting with self-
learning and face-to-face sessions with a Facilitator and Co-Facilitator, followed by task guidance from the Co-Facilitator.
Course & Certification
Certificate of Training and Competency (Dec 2024 Dec 2027).
Certified Data Management Staff