HAIKEL RADIPTA KRESNA
085779360375| haikel.kresna@ymail.com| www.linkedin.com/in/haikelkresna| https://
haikelportofolio.framer.website/
Kota Bekasi, Bekasi Utara , Kode Pos 17121 ,Taman Wisma Asri Blok P21 No 103 RT 11 RW 32
Undergraduate student with a strong interest in UI/UX design and photography. Passionate about building
compelling and user-friendly digital experiences. Proven ability to combine creativity and technical expertise.
Excellent at developing and carrying out new design tasks. Capable of enhancing visual aspects by employing
photographic talents. Eager to contribute to the profession through a proactive approach and a predilection for
engaging in inventive, fictitious projects that highlight a wide skill set and a drive to continual learning.
Work Experiences
Bank Sleman - Yogyakarta Jun 2023 - Aug 2023
UI/UX Designer
Created prototype HRIS mobile apps for their company and tested more than 15+ participants with usability testing.
Defined User problems, tried to understand and emphasize the problem, and figured out what kind of method we should use.
Created User mapping that contained an explanation of the main problem, including the process to solve the problem until had a
solution.
Created How-Might-We as a problem statement to prioritize various problems.
Created Prioritizing requirements.
Designed a low-fidelity wireframe as a solution to the problem and reported and communicated with stakeholders.Designed the High-
Fidelity final design and prototyped it to demonstrate the results to the developer.
Universitas Pembangunan Nasional "Veteran" Yogyakarta - Sep 2023 - Present
Yogyakarta
Lab Assistant
Involved in three main roles as a Lab Assistant, namely teaching practicums, preparing quiz questions and responses, and assessing
practicum performance from assignments to response tests.
Involved in teaching 10+ practicum sessions, with an average 20 number of practicums actively involved in each session.
Create and manage 10 quiz questions and response tests, with updated difficulty levels, and increase student understanding levels.
Education Level
Universitas Pembangunan Nasional Veteran Yogyakarta - Jl. Padjajaran, Sep 2020 -
Sleman, Yogyakarta, Indonesia. 55283 (0274) 486733
Undergraduate Information System, 3.28/4.00
Joined college student association of information systems.
Participated in more than 5 various events at the campus that required design and documentation division.
Participated as an assistant laboratory in the Informatics Department.
SMAN 4 Bekasi - Perumahan Jl. Cemara Permai, Harapan Jaya, Kec. Bekasi Apr 2017 - May 2020
Utara, Kota Bks, Jawa Barat 17124
High School Diploma in Science Major
Third place winner of LCT IT Competition in SMAN 5 Bekasi
Appointed Instructor of web design on information technology extracurricular, Impacting 20+ students.
Organisational and Commite Experience
Himpunan Mahasiswa Sistem Informasi Mar 2021 - Feb 2022
Academic and Professionalism Staff
Involved in organizing 3 main types of activities as staff at Himasisfo, namely Webinars, ARSIP-SI, and SATU (Sharing Study).
Serve as a mentor in the SATU (Sharing Study) program, providing guidance and support to participants.
Leading A number of participants in the SATU (Sharing Study) program, with 15% of them reporting significant improvements in
academic performance.
Organized 3 webinars during the work period, with an average participation of 75 people per webinar.
Festival Keluarga Besar Mahasiwa Ilmu Komputer- Yogyakarta Sep 2023
Media Information And Documentation Staff
Designed Instagram feed for information including competition, webinars, discussion, etc
Taking 100+ pictures of various activities for documentation.
Pengenalan Kehidupan Kampus Sistem Informasi 2022- Yogyakarta Aug 2022
Head of Media Information and Documentation
Led and designed various types of design needs such as co-cards, banners, etc.
Led a team of 2 videographers and 2 designers
Took 50+ pictures of various activities during the event for documentation.
Dies Natalis Himpunan Mahasiswa UPN "Veteran" Yogyakarta - Yogyakarta Oct 2023 - Dec 2023
Media Information and Documentation Staff
Responsible for creating a co-card for the event committee.
Took more than 50 photos during the concert.
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
Junior Graphic Design Certification (2024): Join and passed a design graphic certification that held by my campus and Ministry of
Communication and Information.
LC Kampung Inggris Holiday English Program (2018): Taking a holiday english program for one week during school holiday with
details of score : Grammar : 90, Speaking : 80, Pronounciation : 83, Vocabulary : 85
LIA English Course (2018): Taking english course in LIA since 2014
Skillvul UI/UX Design Mastery (2023): Created a fake project UI/UX Design about E-Learning course video
Language :: Indonesia and English
Tools :: Programming Language ( HTML, CSS, PHP, Bootstrap). Design Application ( Figma, Canva, Adobe Photoshop). Photography
(Adobe Lightroom).
Soft Skills: Multitasking, Creative Thinking, Information Sharing, Collaboration, Strategic Thinking, Interpersonal and Intrapersonal
Management, Problem Solving.
Technical Skills: Design Thinking, User Interface Design, User Experience Analyzing, Wireframing, Prototyping, Design Graphic,
Digital Imaging
UI-UX RESEARCH AND DESIGN: FULLSTACK INTENSIVE BOOTCAMP Batch 10 (2023): Revamps shoppe apps on figma with
introducing eco-packaging feature in order to reduce the usage of bubble wrap