IRBA SAKILAH
irbasakilah@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/irbasakilah 62 82116723411
EDUCATION
UNIVERSITAS BRAWIJAYA 2022 - 2025
Information Technology of Education Bachelor s 3.80 / 4.00
EXPERIENCE
FILKOM UB | Educational Institution
Archivist Oct 2024 - present
Collaborated with the Digital Media Development Unit in managing and organizing guest lecture data archives at
the Faculty of Computer Science Universitas Brawijaya, ensuring all information is neatly documented and easily
accessible to support academic activities.
Key achievements
Designed and implemented a digital learning video archiving system that improved video search efficiency by
90%.
Organized 2024 guest lecture data in a spreadsheet that improved accessibility of materials for academic
staff.
Digital Instructional Environment Laboratory Practicum Assistant Sep 2024 - Nov 2024
Manage and support practicum learning in the Digital Learning Environment, with a focus on developing a
Learning Management System LMS using Moodle and developing Augmented Reality AR based learning
media.
Key achievements
Developed 9 chapters of effective practicum modules, increasing student understanding by 95%.
Guided 44 students in understanding the material and solving technical problems related to Moodle, web
server, database, and AR.
Organized the class efficiently through making attendance, managing Google Classroom, and preparing
regular reports to the supervisor.
Operation System Laboratory Practicum Assistant Feb 2024 - Jun 2024
Developed and managed a computer operating system related practicum for 32 students, focusing on improving
understanding and practical skills of the LINUX operating system.
Key achievements
Developed structured practicum materials to support students' understanding of computer operating
systems.
Guided students to complete practicum assignments, provided technical explanations, and solutions to
technical problems.
Managing class administration, including attendance lists, reports to lecturers, and evaluation of learning
outcomes.
Informatics Competition And Festival | UI/UX Competition
Project Manager Nov 2024 - Des 2024
Led the team in the development of an innovative UI/UX design solution with the theme Partnerships for the Goals
for a national competition, ensuring the final result met the judges' criteria and user needs.
Key achievement
Successfully won 3rd place out of 150 participants with the work title Ecolink: A Collaborative Platform to
Realize Circular Economy Through Clothes Recycling .
Produced a high-quality design prototype that was recognized as the best work to be implemented by the
jury.
Managed and coordinated all team members, ensuring each stage of the competition was completed on time.
CREATE IN 4.0 | UI/UX Competition
Project Manager Okt 2024 - Nov 2024
Led the team in designing the app DuaTangan: Aplikasi Penyaluran Pakaian Bekas untuk Mendukung
Keberlanjutan dan Ekonomi Sirkular for a national UI/UX competition, ensuring an innovative and functional
design.
Key achievement
Achieved 2nd place out of 40 participants.
Produced a design prototype as the best solution to support circular economy through an easy-to-use and
efficient application.
Achieved the best score, with an average score of 91 in the proposal elimination stage.
SI FEST | UI/UX Competition
UX Designer Aug 2024 - Sep 2024
Conduct user research and develop a user interface design that suits the target user needs for an educational
application that helps adolescent girls improve their understanding of reproductive health.
Key achievements
Won 2nd place with GIRLSTEEN Aplikasi Edukasi dan Pendampingan untuk Remaja Perempuan Berbasis AI.
out of 56 participants.
Conducted comprehensive research to 30 potential users.
Produced application features with an intuitive design that was recognized by the judges as the best
application design.
EDUHUB INCUBATOR | National Essay Competition
Member Mar 2024 - Apr 2024
Developing innovative AI and IoT-based solutions in designing hybrid systems for energy optimization in villages
by combining Solar PV and Wind Turbine.
Key achievements
Achieved Silver Medal out of 100 participants.
Designed a renewable energy system that has the potential to increase energy efficiency in villages by
utilizing the latest technology in AI and IoT.
Developed and presented a concept that was recognized by the panel of judges for the quality of innovation
and sustainability of the solution offered.
LOMBA INOVASI DIGITAL MAHASISWA | Education Technology
Curriculum Developer Nov 2023 - Jun 2024
Developing an innovative curriculum for learning computer hardware through the integration of digital teaching
media and Problem-Based Learning PBL method, aiming to improve students' problem solving skills.
Key Achievements
Entered the top 10 teams with the work Inovasi Pembelajaran Perangkat Keras Komputer melalui Integrasi
Ragam Media Ajar Digital dengan Metode Problem-Based Learning. from 300 participants.
Improved the problem solving skills of 15 students at SD Negeri 21 Malang in learning computer hardware.
Collaborated with the team to produce interactive and effective materials, media, and learning methods for
learning computer hardware.
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE
SEPIA ID | Non Government Organization
Staff of Creative and Development Des 2023 - present
Assist in the development and implementation of creative programs that support social, educational, and
entrepreneurial missions.
Key Achievements
Implemented inspirational teacher gathering program with 30 participants.
Improving digital marketing and UI/UX design skills of vocational students through Sepia UpSkills program.
TEMU GURU INSPIRATIF | Teacher Incubator
Head of Public Relation Jun 2024 - Sep 2024
Lead a 3-member PR team to design and implement communication strategies that promote education programs
for teachers across Indonesia.
Key Achievements
Collaborated with 3 media partners.
Created 4 promotional content on Instagram.
Created an Instagram account that increased program visibility by 40%.
Organized events and webinars that attracted 90% of target participants.
K RISMA FILKOM UB | Student Research Organization
Treasurer Mar 2024 - Des 2024
Manage the organization's finances and ensure efficient and transparent use of the budget to support the
organization's work programs.
Key Achievements
Produced monthly financial reports that increased member confidence by 96%.
Manage the organization's budget efficiently and transparently.
Manage finances and ensure 15 work programs are implemented without cost barriers.
Staff of Research and Development Mar 2023 - Feb 2024
Collaborate with faculty, to support the team in the development and execution of technology and
innovation-based research projects.
Key Achievements
Facilitated 35 new student teams to develop scientific papers.
Organized a national level essay competition with 250 participants.
YBM BRIlian Malang | Yayasan
Volunteer Of Public Relation May 2023 - Oct 2023
Assigned to help manage public relations and organizational communications, as well as expand the network and
promotion of the foundation's mass circumcision program to the community.
Key Achievement
Building relationships with mass circumcision event stakeholders.
Increasing community participation in the mass circumcision program.
WaJar KBMDSI FILKOM UB | Student Organization
Staff of Creative May 2023 - Sep 2023
Teaching and managing grade 1 learning, ensuring dance materials and interactive learning.
Key Achievement
Improved digital literacy skills of 29 grade 1 elementary students.
Developed interactive curriculum for 4 meetings.
CODE | Essay Competition Event
Head of Event Division May 2023 - Oct 2023
Led 3 members of the event division in organizing a nationwide essay competition, managing all aspects of the
event to ensure smooth execution.
Key Achievement
Led the event division and organized an essay competition with 200 participants.
Increased participation by 50%.
Created a new competition for high school students to improve high school students' skills in competition and
essay writing.
LICENSE AND CERTIFICATION
UX Designer by IBM SkillsBuild 2024
Database Design and Database Programming with SQL by Oracle 2024
Product Management by Apiary Academy 2023
Basic Programming by Dicoding 2023
IT Support by Coursera 2023