J M D P
ONATHAN ARIO WI RIYADI
+6281296110198 | jonathanmario701@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/jonathan-mario/
Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia
I am a fresh graduate at Universitas Kristen Satya Wacana, Bachelor s Degree in Computer
Science. I am a person with full responsibility and like challenging experiences. My interests
includes UI/UX Design, and technology. I have experience in UI design and UX research from
health apps to travel websites, where I focus on enhancing user experiences through creative
and functional design solutions.
Portofolio
Portofolio: https://www.behance.net/gallery/216691655/Portfolio-UIUX-Designer
EDUCATION
Universitas Kristen Satya Wacana 2020 2024
Bachelor of Computer Science, 3.78/4.00
Received an Academic Achievement Scholarship
[2023] 1st Place in the FIT Competition 2023 - Mobile Application Category
PT Dwi Inti Putra (MyEduSolve) Feb Jul 2024
UI/UX Designer, 80/100
Participacing in batch 6 of Studi Independent Kampus Merdeka Program.
Learn UI/UX things : UX Research, Design Thinking, Information Architecture, Visual
Design, Wireframing, Prototyping, and User Testing.
Learned Adobe Illustrator tools, including Shape, Blend Tool, Pathfinder, Type Tool, Pen Tool, Arc
Tool.
Learned how to make some logos and custom icons.
Designed multiple user interfaces for both websites and mobile applications.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
Migunani Consulting - Surakarta, Indonesia May - Jun 2024
UI/UX Designer - Freelance Project Base
Managed the design thinking that is implemented in the design.
User research through interviews to understand user needs and preferences.
Created elements buttons, icons, fonts, and colors that suit the brand guidelines and project
needs.
Created wireframes, mockups, and prototypes using Figma.
Designed responsive layouts for both desktop and mobile versions.
User Testing to gather feedback from users to create more user-centered designs.
Digital Business Research Center - Salatiga, Indonesia Aug - Dec 2023
UI/UX Designer - Internship
Redesign Jalan Cantik Website.
Collaborate with stakeholders to shape and implement new features on the website.
Created wireframes, mockups, and prototypes.
Improve User Experience by designing structure, navigation, and optimizing web pages.
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING AND CERTIFICATION
Alibaba Cloud 2024
Developed application with Alibaba Cloud Service.
FIT Competition 2023
1st Place in the FIT Competition 2023 - Mobile Application Category
Oracle Academy 2022
Database Design and Programming with SQL
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCES
Community Service - Karanganyar, Indonesia Dec 2021
Member
Provided support to local communities in running their businesses during the Covid-19
pandemic.
Introducing and increasing public awareness of the importance of digital marketing.
Supported the creation of product catalogs for online marketing.
Central Java Technology Festival - Wonosobo, Indonesia Nov 2021
Comittee
Collab with 9 other higher education institutions.
Organized weekly meetings for team evaluation and performance improvement.
Facilitated interactive workshops focusing on IT issues.
Managed various competitions for event participants.
SKILLS
Programming : HTML/CSS, JavaScript, PHP, Laravel, React, Python SQL.
Design : Figma, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Canva, Capcut.
Writing : Microsoft Office, Google Work Space.
Soft Skills : Communication, Collaboration, Time Management, Adaptability,
Problem Solving, Empathy, Critical Thinking, Innovative.
Language Skills : Bahasa Indonesia, English.