Khusnul Fitriani
South Kalimantan, Indonesia | (+62) 82157887807 | khusnulfitriani881@gmail.com |
linkedin.com/in/khusnulfitriani | https://dribbble.com/khusnulfitriani
SUMMARY
I am a fresh graduate majoring in Industrial Engineering from Telkom University Purwokerto with expertise in
UI/UX Design. Experienced in mobile application development through design thinking approach, usability
testing and iteration based on user feedback. Has achievements in the ASIH application project, which aims to
raise awareness about stunting, with a user satisfaction rate of 95%. Proficient in Figma, Framer, Miro and
Canva.
EDUCATION
Telkom University Purwokerto Purwokerto
Major: Industrial Engineering September 2020 October 2024
Obtained funding for the MBKM Entrepreneurship Industrial Business Incubation & Acceleration Program.
Implemented manufacturing practices in making Jeckstand products.
Implementing entrepreneurship & marketing management practices.
Perempuan Inovasi 2024 Jakarta
UI/UX Design Bootcamp Agustus 2024 November 2024
Creating a mobile application called ASIH to help women get information related to stunting, with the main
feature of complementary food recipes.
Conducting surveys and interviews with users in depth to find out what problems they feel using google
forms.
In charge of creating UI displays on development features, nutrition checks, immunization reminders,
notifications and profiles using figma.
Conducted usability testing to 5 users using microsoft teams, to test 4 features in the application. As a result,
design iterations were carried out which increased satisfaction from 80% to 95%.
EXPERIENCE
Telkom Akses Kediri Kediri
Internship January 2019 - March 2019
Manage and respond to customer inquiries about problems quickly, and ensure a high level of customer
satisfaction, by handling 4 regions in Kediri.
Improved data accuracy, through measurement of mattam data with Google Earth, for standard sampling
with 150 meters cable length measurement to maintain accuracy.
Supported the technician team in troubleshooting customer equipment, which contributed to faster resolution
of technical issues.
Center for Standardization and Industrial Services and Machinery Bandung
Internship February 2023 March 2023
Testing the moisture content of the sand in the laboratory. This test is carried out to ensure that the sand used
meets the established quality standards, so that the final product has good durability.
Conducting sand durability tests in the laboratory to determine the durability of sand in accordance with the
standard. Durability testing is carried out so that the product does not experience erosion or cracking in the
final product.
Testing product samples using a spectrometer to determine the composition of the product. This data is
important to analyze the materials used and ensure that the final product complies with the specifications.
Student Ambassador Cicil Online
Circle and Support Team January 2023 June 2023
As a member of the Circle and Support Team in the Cicil Student Ambassador program, play an active role
in carrying out various promotions of Cicil products among students, which are carried out creatively and
effectively, both online and offline, to increase the vibe of the Cicil application.
Introducing the facilities provided by Cicil, including tuition installments, loans, and other financial services.
This was done through online promotions aimed at increasing understanding of the benefits of cicil's services
in helping students.
Create and distribute a unique code linked to the ambassador's link. The aim is to track the users referred by
the ambassador, and reward the ambassador based on the number of registrants or transactions generated
through the code.
MBKM Kewirausahaan Industrial Business Incubation & Acceleration Program Purwokerto
Leader Srikandi Team September 2023 January 2024
Led members in innovative business development, designing marketing strategies through online and offline
media. This business development was done to increase revenue with a turnover of 20% within a period of 6
months.
Coordinate workshops or exhibitions that focus on improving team members' marketing management skills.
These workshops and exhibitions were conducted to improve marketing strategies that generated 5% in 1
day.
Distributed tasks every week to each member according to division. This was done to maintain team
productivity which increased by 15%.
HARD SKILL
Microsoft Office (word, excel, visio dan PPT)
Wondershare Filmora
Canva
Figma
UI/UX Designer (Wireframing, Prototyping, User Flow, Usability Testing, Design Thinking)
UX Researcher
UI Design
SOFT SKILLS
Leadership
Communication
Teamwork
Project Management
Problem Solving
Relationship Building
Adaptation
CERTIFICATION AND TRAINING
ASEAN Data Science Explorers 2024 Enablement Session - SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP Build Apps
Online Training Session (2024)
Skilvul Intro to UI/UX Design (Gold) (2024)
IBM SkillsBuild User Experience Design Fundamentals (2024)
Digital Skill Fair 29 UI/UX Design Class by dibimbing.id (2024)
Preliminary Round Certificate Perempuan Inovasi UI/UX Design Track (2024)
Skilvul UI/UX Design Mastery (Gold) (2024)
Bootcamp Perempuan Inovasi 2024
PORTFOLIO
khusnulfitriani - UI/UX Portfolio