LEON PRESLEY EPHAPRODITUS PATAMBO
(+62) 85757830704 | lpatambo@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonpatambo/ | bit.ly/leonpatamboportofolio
Jl. Kendalsari VIII No.28, Tulusrejo, Malang
I am a fresh graduate with a degree in International Relations from Universitas Brawijaya. Through my organizational experiences during
university, I have developed key skills in leadership, diplomacy, public speaking, event and project management, public relations,
communication, and teamwork. These experiences have fueled my eagerness to continue learning and growing professionally.With these
skills, I have developed a strong interest in event and community management, project development, human resources, public relations,
and diplomacy.I am passionate about applying these abilities to contribute effectively in a dynamic and collaborative environment.
Education Level
Universitas Brawijaya - Malang, Indonesia Sep 2021 - Jan 2025
Undergraduate study program in international relations, 3.45/4.00
Official Delegation of Brawijaya University for Geneva Model United Nations (GIMUN) 2024 held in Geneva, Switzerland
Organizational Experience
FPCI Brawijaya 2022 - Malang, Indonesia Sep 2022 - Dec 2022
Intern Staff of Human Resource Development
Becoming a delegate of the Ministry of HRD to handle the Ministry of Project Management with a total of 10+ staff.
Filling out the performance tracker for each Project Management staff as part of monthly monitoring and evaluation.
Actively discussing global issues.
Youth Fellowship Camp 2023 - Malang, Indonesia Jan 2023 - Apr 2023
Project Officer
Youth Fellowship Camp is an annual event of the Youth Ministry of GKI Bromo that discusses a specific topic relevant to the struggles of
the youth congregation. In 2023, Camp KP focused on discussing emotional intelligence.
Lead and Supervised a team of 30+ members with each assigned divisions
Successfully reached 100 Camp participants
Designing creative and innovative event activities in detail and in a structured manner
UB MUN CLUB - Malang, Indonesia Aug 2023 - Nov 2023
Selection Committee for Batch 7
Planning and conducting the selection stages for 180+ prospective delegates, including administrative screening, interviews, and
MUN simulation.
Conducting interesting and interactive promotions in the Brawijaya University campus environment
Successfully managed the recruitment process for UB MUN CLUB batch 7, resulting in a diverse and qualified group of 50 potential
selected member
Christmas Youth Fellowship 2023 - Malang, Indonesia Sep 2023 - Dec 2023
Staff of Event
Christmas Youth Fellowship is a special event of the GKI Bromo Youth Commission which is held in December to welcome and celebrate
Christmas through a creatively designed event.
Designing a creative and engaging Christmas service concept with a musical drama theme, while coordinating and collaborating with
other relevant divisions.
Drafting the drama script, technical rundown, and activity timeline, followed by overseeing all pre-Christmas preparations.
Successfully attracted over 250+ youth congregants to attend the Christmas event.
Youth Ministry GKI Bromo Malang - Malang, Indonesia Oct 2023 - Present
Staff of Communion Division
Designing an innovative and creative fellowship concept with various activities such as games, sharing, QnA and praise and worship.
Preparing fellowship liturgies, selecting speakers, and organizing weekly service rosters
Succeeded in consistently bringing in 70+ youth in offline fellowship and 200+ youth in special events
Conducted monthly evaluations to ensure work programs met their objectives and identified areas for improvement.
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
Achievements (2024): Official Delegation of Universitas Brawijaya for Geneva Model United Nations (GIMUN) 2024 : Represented
Mexico in the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Council discussing the topic of Refugees' Access to Jobs and
Financial Services
Hard Skills: Microsoft Word, Microsoft excel, Lark, Canva, Capcut
Soft Skills: Leadership, Diplomacy, Public Speaking, Event & Project Management, Public Relations ,Communication, Teamwork,
Eager to learn new things
Languange: Indonesia and English