Mia Putri Aulia Setyowati
miapaulise@gmail.com | 087810305115 | bit.ly/ProductPortoMia
linkedin.com/in/miaputriaulia/| Jakarta
PROFILE
Mathematics graduate with a thesis demonstrating a 2.5% profit increase through optimized bakery product
planning, showcasing analytical and problem-solving skills. Launched a small beverage business, managing product
development from concept to sales, resulting in over 20+ orders and generating IDR 800.000 in revenue through
online fundraising. As a driven individual, she is committed to digging deeper into product management and
marketing strategy, including content creation, partnerships, data analysis, and is eager to apply her transferable
skills in a growth industry.
SKILLS
Skillset Product Management, Cross-functional Collaborations, Project Planning, Requirements Gathering,
Creative Problem Solving, Analytical Thinking, Timeline Management, Project Documentation, Data Analyst
Toolset Microsoft Office, Notion, Figma, Canva
Language Indonesian (native proficiency), English (limited working proficiency, DET: 120/160)
EDUCATION
Brawijaya University, Mathematics 2021 2025
CGPA: 3.58/4.00 [Transcript], [Provisional Certificate of Graduation]
Graduated with distinction in 3.5 years of study
Bachelor Thesis: Optimization of Bakery Production Planning Using Preemptive Weighted Goal
Programming (Case Study: Amazing Cookies). This study's goals are to maximize profit, production quantity,
and machine utilization while minimizing raw material use and employee hours. Using the modified simplex
method and Microsoft Excel as a calculation tool, the results indicate a profit increase of 2.5% by boosting
lidah kucing cookie production despite requiring additional raw materials and production time.
Relevant courses: Operation research, Kapita Selecta of Operation Research, Mathematics for Economic and
Business, Financial Mathematics, Introduction to Data Mining, Database System.
RELEVANT EXPERIENCES
PT Tiki Jalur Nugraha Ekakurir Jul 2024 Aug 2024
Organization Development Intern
Evaluated employee performane for 11.635 IDs across 17 groups using Microsoft Excel over two days.
Reviewed and entered over 100 candidate roles in the Smart HC database, ensuring they age, education,
experience duration, and other relevant requirements based on current standards.
Bangkit Academy Google, Tokopedia, Gojek, & Traveloka Feb 2024 June 2024
Machine Learning Cohort
Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including cloud computing and mobile development, to defined
product requirements and creating detailed product specifications.
Consulted with the project management advisor from Bangkit; recognized as one of the active team members
during mentoring.
Defined product s main objective and assessed resource requirements using Kaggle and Github.
Worked with the machine learning team to develop a predictive model in Python, achieving accuracy to 83%.
Malam Puncak Apresiasi BEM FMIPA UB Aug 2023 Dec 2023
Online Fundraising Administrator
Developed four pricing packages for paid promotions, based on market research, total followers of
committees, and benchmarking against similar university events.
Worked with the Steering Committee to developed structured Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for
pricing, fines, guidelines, and workflows for both committees and customers.
Handled customer inquiries and managed 58 paid promotions, ensuring timely uploads and issuing fines for
late postings.
Generated IDR 800.000 in revenue including both paid promotions and fines.
Maintained documentation of all paid promote activities, including schedules, customer details, and payment
information in Google Spreadsheet.
Mahasiswa Membangun Desa Universitas Brawijaya Jul 2023 Aug 2023
Staff
Developed a user-centric practical handbook, addressing common challenges in real life scenarios.
Coordinated with stakeholders, including the village leader and youth organization leader to discuss project
execution and alligning with user needs.
Conducted a Microsoft Word training session for 32 participants, ranging from primary school level to college
students.
PROJECT EXPERIENCES
Glomouette Jun 2021
Self-employed watermelon milk business
Conducted research and developed watermelon milk recipes to enhance product offerings.
Designed marketing materials, including poster and packaging labels to elevate brand awarness through
Instagram and Whatsapp campaigns.
Oversaw quality control process and efficiently managed distribution by delivering over 20 orders directly to
customers.
CERTIFICATIONS
Forage Electronic Arts Jan 2025
Product Management Job Simulation
Topic: key performance indicators (KPIs) and data-driven presentation breakdown task in video game industry.
Revou Minicourse Sept 2022
Introduction to Product Management
Topic: definition of product management and product management process
HONORS AND AWARDS
1st Place of Data Competition July 2022
Isfest 2022, Multimedia Nusantara University, Tangerang
Managed the Exploratory Data Analysis part, such as visualization, interpreting the insights derived from these
visualizations, and discerning meaningful relationships within the data.
2nd Place of Logo Making Competition March 2019
Games Competition 2019, Politeknik Kesehatan Kemenkes 2, Jakarta
Created a logo for games using markers within a limited time of 50 minutes, while ensuring that it conveyed a
strong philosophy and meaning.