MUHAMAD REVAN MAHENDRA
Kramat Jati, East Jakarta linkedin.com/in/muhamad-revan-mahendra/ +62 822-1094-6588
murevanmahendra@gmail.com https://bit.ly/Portofolio_Revan
I am Muhamad Revan Mahendra, a fifth-semester communication science student at Telkom University. During my
college years, I have gained experience in the field of social media, having worked on a project in this area and
completed an internship as a social media specialist at Ocean Young Guards Foundation. These experiences have led
to a strong interest in content analysis, content creation and content strategy. In addition, I hold a Meta Certified
Marketing Associate qualification from Pearson VUE.My career objective is to apply my skills to contribute to
organisations in a positive manner, while pursuing my interest in digital marketing, marketing communication, and
social media.
EDUCATION
Telkom University Bandung, Indonesia
Faculty of Social and Commnuication Aug 2022 - Present
GPA 3.79/4.00 Filed: Communication Science
Relevant Coursework: Visual Communication, Interpersonal Communication, Interactive Digital
Marketing, Social Media Data Analysis.
Studi Independen Bersetifikat Kampus Merdeka Kemendikbud x MyEduSolve Jakarta, Indonesia
Meta Digital Marketer September December 2024
Studi Independen Bersertifikat (SIB) is part of Kampus Merdeka Kemendikbud Program which aims to
provide opportunities for students to learn and develop through activities outside the lecture class, but are
still recognized as part of the lecture and can be converted to campus credits.
I was chosen as one of Meta Digital Marketer Mentee, selected from 6000+ applicants from universities
across Indonesia. I got the chance to learn directly from the experts during this 4 months intensive program.
Learning objectives; 1) Intuit Design for Delight Innovator, 2) Digital Marketing Fundamental, 3) Meta
Digital Marketing Associate.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Ocean Young Guards Foundation Jakarta, Indonesia
Admin Social Media Internship August November 2024
Ocean Young Guards is a non-governmental organisation that is committed to preserving coastal, marine and
small island environments.
Publish content according to the content schedule and analyse the engagement of a piece of content
Respond to comments, direct messages and questions from followers in a timely and professional manner.
Successfully managed @oceanyoungguards Instagram account to build interactive engagement with the
audience, increasing followers from 8,150 to 9,100
ORGANIZATIONAL & PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Lokatara Tel-U Bandung, Indonesia
Staff Content Writer Nov 2023 Present
Lokatara is a student activity unit engaged in journalism and also focuses on publishing socio-political articles.
Created more than 3 of the articles for Lokatara are related to recent and current developments in Indonesia.
Successfully written were primarily related to social issues, such as articles with the titles "Meritocracy" and
"All Eyes on Rafah." Additionally, a study was conducted on a unique phenomenon in the entertainment
industry, Indonesia's Classic Story at the AFC.
Rsa.Glassart Project Bandung, Indonesia
Social Media & Content Planner Nov 2023 Jan 2024
Rsa.glassart is a business that specialises in providing painting services using acrylic paint on containers, with a
particular focus on creating mobile phone cases.
Created over 15 pieces of engaging visual and textual content, such as photos and videos to promote custom
glassart pieces, which were managed by use of relevant and popular hashtags to enhance content discovery.
Increased engagement with followers through direct responses and messages and fostered positive
relationships with audiences.
Engage and build a good relationship with customers or audience through Instagram stories to know what
customers need.
Jerinfo.event Project Bandung, Indonesia
Social Media & Content Planner May 2024 Jun 2024
Jerinfo is an event organiser that specialises in delivering high-quality seminars and events with a focus on the
latest technological developments.
Analyzed research related to information that will be conveyed for social media needs, resulting in more
than 11 creative content on the @jerinfo.event Instagram account.
Creative content on Instagram account @jerinfo.event Managed Instagram account to build engagement on
Instagram, thus successfully gathering more than 20 followers to join the event as a form of seminar
promotion with the hashtag #deepfakeai to encourage participation in the event.
Conceptualized visuals and layouts (feeds, Instagram stories, and posters) to promote the seminar event and
develop a plan to promote @jerinfo.event seminars in the form of creative content output to attract attention.
Event Planner
Created a detailed and specific program schedule, working with the equipment division to compile a list of
equipment needed, and inviting speakers who usually fill in for the event.
Organize and manage technical matters in the field during the event and socialize the event arrangement to
various parties related to the event, including committee members.
Beyond By The Lorry Project Jakarta, Indonesia
Digital Marketing Nov 2024 Des 2024
Beyond by The Lorry is a service or platform from The Lorry, a well-known logistics and transportation company in
Southeast Asia. This service is probably a move by the company to diversify its business and develop new solutions that go
beyond its traditional transport services.
Created and conceptualized, as well as schedule,content for @thelorry.id on Instagram, producing over 5
creative pieces of content, including reels and Instagram feeds.
Analyse buyer personas in order to create the right marketing strategy.
Successfully managed @thelorry.id Instagram account to build interactive engagement with the audience,
increasing followers from 13,000 to 13,100
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Bogor Ilustration Fair Bogor, Indonesia
Social Media Officer Aug 2024 Sep 2024
Bogor Illustration Fair is an event that is engaged in the arts with the aim of providing a platform for illustrators
to showcase their work.
Created and conceptualized, as well as schedule,content for @bogorilustrationfair on Instagram, producing
over 5 creative pieces of content, including reels and Instagram feeds.
Successfully managed @bogorilustrationfair Instagram account to build interactive engagement with the
audience, increasing followers from 2,252 to 3,073.
Coordinated the event during the main event, providing live reports in the form of Instagram stories and
Instagram live streaming.
Karsa Cita Jakarta, Indonesia
Social Media Officer Aug 2024 Okt 2024
Karsa Cita is a community that is dedicated to mental health and shares content on the subject.
Manage and maintain the company's LinkedIn account.
Track content performance through metrics such as views, likes, comments, shares, and engagement rates.
Published and schedule content according to the strategy that has been created.
CERTIFICATIONS
Meta Certified Digital Marketing Associate November 2024
Certiport - A Pearson VUE Business | Total Score 831 out of 1000, Credential ID: wCnJB-487X
SKILLS & INTEREST
Soft Skills: Negotiation, Communication, Public Speaking, Creative, Story Telling, Team Work, Analytical
Thinking, Public Relation.
Hard Skils: Content Writing, Content Creation, Graphic Design, Social Media Marketing, Video Editing,
Copy Writing, Social Media Analytics.
Interest: Event Management, Social Media, Digital Marketing, SEO, Content Creation, Journalist.
LANGUAGES
Indonesia : Native Speaker
English: Beginner