Muhammad Haidar Yusuf
Bogor, West Java | +62 858 8029 8593 | muhayu29@gmail.com |
https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhammadhaidaryusuf/
ABOUT ME
Recent biology education graduate of Sunan Gunung Djati Bandung Islamic State University.
Possesses the ability in project management, managing documents time managemment. Proven track
record in leading successful projects and excellent communication skills, with a commitment to
ensuring effective communication within the office. I am highly motivated to leverage my skills and
experience at Coptera Career.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Science Teacher (October 2023 - December 2023)
Mts Miftahul Falah Bandung
Designed and implemented interactive learning tools that increased student engagement by
20 % and improved test scores by 5 %.
Organized and managed a class of 32 third-grade students, ensuring a positive and productive
learning environment.
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE
Leader of KKN Group 417 (July 2023 - August 2023)
Community Service Program in Kalentambo Village
Successfully assisted village government organizations in providing services to over 50
residents resulting in a 10% increase in community engagement.
Led the team in developing education programs on the importance of cleanliness and the
empowerment of micro, small and medium enterprises, resulting in increased community
awareness and understanding.
Collaborated with the village chief and advised solutions to solve resident s problems.
Secretary Division of Cooperation, Research, and Community Service (2022 - 2023)
Biology Education Student Association
Assisted the head division, successfully completing 90% of the work program, resulting in an
increase of efficiency.
Coordinated communication between staff and field leaders, increasing productivity and
minimizing misconceptions.
Compiling and presenting detailed reports, including summaries, insights, and actionable
recommendations, to support decision making processes.
Head of Logistics and Public Relations (August 2022 - October 2022)
Basic Leadership and Training for Biology Education Students
Developed strong leadership skills by mentoring and delegating tasks effectively.
Accelerated the process of supplying and registering goods resulting in increased
productivity efficiency.
Managed the distribution of letters and maintained good relations, ensuring the smooth
running of the event and a positive impression for the association.
Secretary (January 2022 - March 2022)
Community Service of Biology Education Student Association
Developed and implemented a new system for organizing progression reports, improving
efficiency by 5 %.
Managed activity schedules, including meeting coordination arrangements, reducing
scheduling conflicts and ensuring optimal time management.
Responsible for filing and writing notification letters and invitation letters.
EDUCATION
Sunan Gunung Djati Bandung Islamic State University Bandung (2020-2024)
Bachelor of Biology Education - GPA 3,51
Bogor State 2 Islamic High School (2017-2020)
Math and Science Specialization
HARD SKILL
Microsoft Word Microsoft Excel (Data Validation,
Microsoft Power Point Average. Vlookup, and IF Function)
Microsoft Outlook
SOFT SKILL
Problem-solving Partnership
Communication Fast-learner
Teamwork
LANGUAGE
Bahasa Native
English Intermediate