NUR SHIFA FAUZIA
+6285133342055
nshifafauzia8@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/nur-shifa-fauzia-80593a236
Karawang, 41361, Indonesia
I am graduated of Bachelor s degree in Community Education from Universitas Singaperbangsa Karawang. A dedicated,
inovative blends with academic excellence with a solid foundation built an experience at learning and development.
Focus on developing learning curriculum, syllabus, modules, and educational content. Includes community
empowerment, training management, informal and non-formal learning. My deep interest in learning and development
that make me have deep knowledge, understanding, and skills, focusing on developing individuals and teams through
innovative learning. Additionally, my communication, time management, and leadership skills support my ability to design
and implement impactful training programs.
EDUCATION
Singaperbangsa Karawang University Sept 2020 Jul 2024
Bachelor Degree in Community Education | GPA 3.89 / 4.00
Relevant Courses : Andragogi, Training Needs Analyst (TNA), Training Design, Learning Media, Curriculum,
Teaching and Learning, Adult Psychology, Training Management, Evaluation of Non-Formal Learning, Strategy
and Training Methods, Program and Curriculum Development.
Thesis : Utilization Of Natural Potential as A Learning Media In Stimulating Children s Cognitive Development
Of 4 5 Years In SPNF SKB Kabupaten Bekasi.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Privat Tutor Jul 2021 Present
Privat Tutor (Freelance) | Karawang
Help students prepare for exams and tests, strengthening their understanding of concepts they have not
mastered.
Create lesson plans tailored to the individual needs and abilities of each student.
Regularly assess students' progress and provide feedback to parents.
Utilize various engaging teaching methods and learning tools, such as educational games, images, and videos
to keep the students engaged.
Open communication with parents about the child s learning development.
PT Bisa Ruang Nuswantara (BIRU) Nov 2023 Jan 2024
Program and Academic Analyst (Contract) | Jakarta
Develop curriculum, modules, syllabus, and Learning Management System for heavy equipment and hospitality
training based training needs analyst (TNA).
Support to innovated modules and educational content for interactive and effective training programs especially
in heavy equipment and hospitality.
Responsible to be part of recruiting over 50 trainees for BUMA s School and BIRU vocational program.
Facilitate discussion with over 15 working partners to achieve the goals of training programs.
Conduct thorough evaluations of academic programs, including student performance, curriculum relevance, and
instructional effectiveness.
Collaborate with department heads to develop a comprehensive six month training schedule encompassing both
in person and online sessions.
SPNF SKB Kabupaten Bekasi Aug 2023 Dec 2023
Training Staff (Intern) | Bekasi
Identify the skills and knowledge that need improvement based on training needs analyst (TNA) for equivalency
education students.
Develop a comprehensive training program including training curriculum, syllabus, modules, learning media, and
delivery methods.
Develop over 3 training modules for over 3 needs skills that have been identified of within 1 month.
Success to conduct over 3 training programs sessions using various methods to enhance skills from over 100
trainees.
Organize and manage training schedules to ensure smooth and efficient execution.
Monitor post-training performance to ensure that learned skills are applied on the professional workplace.
TK Al-Fath Nov 2019 Dec 2020
Teacher (Fulltime) | Karawang
Develop daily, weekly, or semester lesson plans (RPP) that align with the curriculum.
Prepare relevant and engaging materials and methods to facilitate student understanding.
Collect, analyze, and interpret data on learner performance and learning outcomes using qualitative methods.
Prepare comprehensive evaluation reports and present findings to stakeholders, providing actionable
recommendations for program improvement.
Teach according to the scheduled times, either in class or online class, using a variety of teaching methods.
Participate in update learning materials according to student needs and advancements in knowledge.
PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Training Needs Analyst 2023
Coordinator Program
Analyze data to identify common trends, skill deficiencies, and specific areas that require development.
Conduct end to end training.
Plan, schedule, and oversee the Training Needs Analyst project, ensuring timelines and objectives are met.
Monitor progress and adjust the assessment strategy as needed to ensure comprehensive and accurate results.
Assess the impact of training programs by tracking progress and gathering feedback from participants and
managers.
Program Penguatan Kapasitas Organisasi Mahasiswa (PPK Ormawa) 2023
Equivalency Education Tutor Coordinator
Arrange and development equivalency education curriculum by comparing with the national curriculum.
Design 5 non-formal learning and training curriculum with good layout planning.
Arrange strategies and methods for equality education learning process by adapting to students learning needs,
interests and preference to create an effective and interactive learning environment.
Conduct evaluation and follow up on existing programs in equality education based on evaluation results.
Community Dedication 2021
Non-formal Tutor
Design and develop programs that focus on community needs and well-being by conduct research to understand
local community needs and align program objectives with the organization s vision.
Conduct a educational webinar and papaya chips processing training to upgrade community skills for utilize local
nature potential.
Designing educational programs for community empowerment according to community needs.
CERTIFICATION
English proficiency Test (Singaperbangsa Karawang University) Jul 2024
Talent Management (MySkill) Okt 2024
SKILLS
Technical Skills : Microsoft Office, Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Forms, Canva, CorelDraw, Capcut, VN,
TalentLMS, Quizizz, Litmos, Filmora.
Soft Skills : Team work, Adaptibility, Communication, Time Management, Interpersonal, Problem Solving, Project
Management.
Languages : Indonesia (Native), English (Intermediate TOEFL : 425).
Activities : Satu Minggu Mengabdi (SMM), Community Education Sport and Arts (CESA), PKKMB Fakultas
Keguruan dan Ilmu Pendidikan UNSIKA, Pengenalan Program Studi Mahasiswa Pendidikan Masyarakat UNSIKA.