RAIHAN DAMARIS
UI/UX DESIGNER
Indonesia, West Java, Bandung | raihandamaris12@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/raihandamaris
Motivated UI/UX designer with a degree in Information Systems and a strong foundation in creating intuitive
and user-friendly digital experiences. Experienced in designing wireframes, prototypes, and user interfaces
that align with user needs and business objectives.
AREA OF EXPERTISE
Prototyping Tools Interaction Design Accessibility
User Research Visual Design Responsive Design
EDUCATION
Indonesia Computer University Sep 2020 - Des 2024
Major in Informatin System GPA : 3.58 / 4.00.
Thesis on "Web-Based Information System for Managing Organizational Activities of the Information
Systems Student Association at Indonesia Computer University. .
PROJECTS
Legal Consultation Application Design (Course assignment) 2022
Successfully designed an easy-to-navigate e-commerce platform for booking legal consultations.
Focused on enhancing the user experience and simplifying the booking process.
Beauty Salon Application Design (Course assignment) 2023
Successfully designed an intuitive and easy-to-use interface for users.
Successfully created a design for purchasing salon equipment with an attractive display.
Masterpiece Billiard Application Design (Personal Project) 2024
Successfully designed an intuitive and easy-to-use interface for users.
Successfully created a design for booking a billiard table reservation.
Masterpiece Billiard Website Design (Personal Project) 2024
Successfully created an intuitive and user-friendly interface for customers to easily book billiard
tables online.
Designed an attractive and functional interface for customers to browse and purchase billiard
equipment online.
Optimized the website s navigation to ensure customers can seamlessly move between table
reservation and equipment purchase sections.
ORGANIZATION EXPERIENCE
Chairman of the Student Association (HIMA SI) Nov 2022 - Nov 2023
Responsible for planning, creating, implementing, and evaluating work reports for each division.
Developed general policies that addressed both internal and external interests of the organization.
Held responsibility for the overall performance and achievements of HIMA SI.
Achieved the recruitment of 90 permanent members, surpassing previous years' numbers post-
COVID-19 and doubling the previous count.
Successfully completed a total of 13 work programs.
Successfully built and developed physical sports and e-sports teams that were able to compete at
the university level and local level.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Certifications: BNSP Software Developer & Software Development Certification (Junior Web
Programming)
Awards/Activities: Recipient of the PT. Adaro AA RACHMAT Scholarship 2023-2024