Juan Laurentius
UI/UX and Human Computer Science Enthusiast | Cyberpsychology Enthusiast |
Skilled in Analytics, Prototyping, and Data Visualization |
Passionate Psychology Cum Laude Graduate
Kab. Bogor, Jawa Barat | +62859106669928 | juanlaurentius@gmail.com |
https://www.linkedin.com/in/juan-laurentius | Medium: @juanlaurentius
SUMMARY
Hello, I'm Juan Laurentius, a cum laude graduate in psychology from Atma Jaya Catholic University. My
academic journey has been a fascinating exploration into the world of cyberpsychology, where I apply theories
such as gestalt theories to unravel the intricacies of human perceptions within the digital realm.
In the realm of skills, I navigate the complexities of statistical analysis through Python and SQL, ensuring a
robust understanding of data. Additionally, my proficiency extends to design and prototyping using Adobe
Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Mirro and Figma, transforming concepts into visual realities. In the realm of
data visualization, I utilize tools like Tableau and Data Studio to effectively convey insights.
My professional journey includes serving as an assistant lecturer, contributing to quantitative lectures on four
occasions over three enriching years. Currently, I contribute to the field of Human Capital as an Employee
Benefit Staff since December 2022 and as an Intern at Relasi Diri since June 2024.
My organizational engagements have seen me as an integral part of Psyght, contributing to the Visual Design
team for 1 period and shouldering responsibilities as Treasurer and Secretary on the next period. Additionally,
I've contributed to Atma Jaya Esports as part of the Social Media Team and played a role in the Publication
and Documentation team for the Atma Jaya Week event.
EXPERIENCE
WOM FINANCE
Human Capital Employee Benefit Staffs (Dec 2022 - Present)
Coordinating with business functions related to Incentives.
Reviewing and analyzing the new schemes.
Calculating Incentives based on applied schemes.
Relasi Diri
UI/UX INTERN (Jun 2024 - Present)
Conducting research about Relasi Diri branding and the implementation on its website.
Redesigning and prototyping Relasi Diri Website using Figma.
Conducting User Testing from the latest Relasi Diri Website to B2B and B2C user.
Atma Jaya Catholic University of Indonesia
Atma Jaya Catholic University of Indonesia (Sep 2021 - Jan 2022)
Supervised and guiding 20 students on psychological tests construction based on Personality Types.
Coordinated course planning for 76 students with lecturer at least once a week.
Responsible for data management based on Office 360 (Forms, Excel, SharePoint, Microsoft List, Microsoft
Planner).
Giving lectures and doing discussion with students related to test constructions, statistics, psychometrics, and
Personality Types Constructs.
Atma Jaya Catholic University of Indonesia
Atma Jaya Catholic University of Indonesia (Aug 2022 - Sep 2021)
Coordinated course planning for 86 students with lectures with weekly meetings at least twice a week. Assessed
students competencies for weekly reporting from quizzes and assignments.
Data management based on Office 360 (Forms, Excel, SharePoint, Microsoft List, Microsoft Planner).
Giving lectures related to statistics, psychometrics, and computer literacy (Excel and statistical applications).
Responsible for preparing forms for quizzes, and Microsoft Teams for class activities such as meetings,
announcements, and assignments.
Atma Jaya Catholic University of Indonesia
Assistant Lecturer for Basic Statistics (Mar - July 2021)
Coordinated course planning for 63 students.
Assessed students' competencies for every two weeks.
Prepared students' materials and assignments.
Atma Jaya Catholic University of Indonesia
Assistant Lecturer for Basic Statistics (Aug 2020 - Feb 2021)
Coordinating course planning for 26 students.
Assessed students' competencies for every two weeks.
Prepared students' materials and assignments.
EDUCATION (FORMAL & INFORMAL)
Atma Jaya Catholic University of Indonesia (Jan 2018 - Jan 2022)
S1 - Psychology
Graduate with Cum-laude honor
Learning about psychology theories.
Implementing psychology theories for study case or real case problems and
phenomenon.
Being assistant lecturer for several subjects.
Joining both University and faculty organizations & Events Committee.
Researching about phenomenon related to psychology construct in society.
Dibimbing.ID (Jan 2024)
D4 - UI UX
Bootcamp Class UI/UX Batch 24 since February 24 - July 2024
Learning and implementing Design Thinking Process.
Improving prototyping, creating Information architecture, Design Systems, mockup, motion design using
Figma, Figjam, and Mirro.
Improving Research Skills focused on products/designs implementation.
SKILLS
Skills: Office 365, User Research, User Interface (UI) Design, User Experience (UX) Design, Phyton, Adobe
Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, SQL, Problem - Solving Skills, Critical Thinking Skills, HTML, Wireframing,
Figma, Mirro, Maze, Data Analytics, Data Visualization, Leadership Skills, Time Management,
Communication Skills.