ANINDYA CANDRAKANTI YUSNIDA
0895352990279 | acandrakanti@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/anindyacandrakanti | https://bit.ly/
Portfolio_anin
Perumahan Bumi Asri L-17 Kaliombo Kota Kediri
I am an active student at Brawijaya University, majoring in Information Systems under the Faculty of Computer
Science. I am also a graduate of SMK Telkom Malang. I have a strong interest and skill in developing
applications/websites, such as UI/UX Design. With the interest, skills, and experience gained during my time in
high school and university, I am capable of designing attractive user interfaces and creating efficient and user-
friendly systems.
Experiences
Website TerapiKita for Information Systems Analysis and Design Mar 2024 - May 2024
Course
System Analyst & UI/UX Designer
Created Requirement Engineering including user and system requirement
Identified data objects, created data dictionary, and defined attributes for the website.
Designed ERD (Entity Relationship Diagram) to represent data relationships.
Created UML Diagrams, including Use Case Diagram, Activity Diagram, and Sequence Diagram
Developed wireframes and designed User Interface (UI) using Figma for TerapiKita website.
PT Thunderlabs Indonesia - Malang, Indonesia Jul 2021 - Sep 2021
UI UX Designer Internship
Thunderlab menawarkan solusi untuk bisnis Anda dengan penggunaan teknologi secara maksimal.
Created UI/UX Design for an application called "Coco Culture". Coco Culture is a voting application to change the work environment by
motivating each other to help each other.
Designed 2 Instagram feed posts on PT Thunderlabs Indonesia account.
Post Natal Care Apps Sep 2023 - Oct 2023
Freelance UI/UX Designer
Post natal care is an application for postpartum mothers/postpartum mothers. This application can track maternal health, survey maternal
health, and educate mothers and families
Create a Design System for guidance during design
Create Wireframes and High Fidelity Design full in one month
Create prototypes for developer guidelines
Education Level
Universitas Brawijaya - Malang, Indonesia Aug 2022 -
Undergraduate Sistem Informasi
SMK Telkom Malang - Malang, Indonesia Jul 2019 - Jun 2022
Graduate TKJ
Organisational Experience
KBMDSI (Keluarga Besar Departemen Sistem Informasi) - Malang, Indonesia Feb 2024 - Dec 2024
Head of Social Profession Department
KBMDSI is an organization/association in the Department of Information Systems which is a place to distribute all information for 3 study
programs (Information Systems, Information Technology, and Information Technology Education).
As SC or Steering Committee in a work program that runs for one period.
Successfully implemented all work programs with an average score above 90.
KBMDSI (Keluarga Besar Departemen Sistem Informasi) - Malang, Indonesia May 2023 - Nov 2023
Social Creative Department Staff
Work program manager of Peduli Bersama.
Work program manager of WARUNG (Warta Srawung) who has made 6 posts in 1 period.
Head of Event Division in work program Career Visit who creates rundown, TOR, and SOP.
Treasurer in work program IT Fest in Keilmuan dan Pengajaran Department.
Designed Website and Instagram Feeds for work program IT Fest with total 93 feeds.
RAION FILKOM UB - Malang, Indonesia Apr 2023 - Nov 2023
Hipster Member : UI UX Designer Apps
RAION FILKOM UB is a community that focuses on developing the skills of Information Systems Department students in the field of
technology.
Member of the event division in the RAION INSIGHT work program.
Became the Master of Ceremony in the RAION INSIGHT day 2.
Member of the event division in the RAION ACADEMY work program as Time Keeper for the Programmer class.
METIC SMK TELKOM MALANG - Malang, Indonesia
Treasurer
METIC is an organization under OSIS that focuses on technology by teaching skills such as front end, video editor, graphic design, etc. for
SMK TELKOM MALANG students.
Summarizing and calculating the organization's cash
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
UINIC 6.0 UI/UX Competition Finalist (CobainDong Team) (2024): UI Designer
3rd Place Web Design TIK Festival by HIMA TIK POLITEKNIK NEGERI JAKARTA (2023): UI UX Designer
Awardee of BSI Scholarship (2023):
2nd Place National Campaign Competition by HIMAHI Budi Luhur University (2021): Video Editor
Soft Skills: Leadership, Adapt Quickly, Dilligent, Public Speaking, Time Management
Hard Skills : Prototyping, Wireframing, User Research, User Flow, and Visual Design