HADONIA LAZARUS MANURUNG
081365457170 | ini.hadonia@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/hadonia-manurung | bit.ly/Portfolio-Hadonia
Work Experiences
Luar Sekolah - Bandung (Remote) Aug 2024 - Oct 2024
Captain of Class (Facilitator)
Assisted the administrative and technical needs of the weekly meeting.
Reminded participants to attend meetings, completed the assignments, and other errands.
Disseminated weekly meeting links to communication group.
Responded to the questions, then forward it to supervisor, and answer the questions regarding the mechanics of class and task
implementation.
Recapitulated attendance and participant activeness during training activities.
Organized 20 participants - connected an effective communication throughout participant to the mentor and operator.
Institut Hijau Indonesia - Bukit Suligi (In Location) Aug 2024 - Dec 2024
Field Facilitator
Led "Laboratorium Keadilan Ekologis dan Sosial" project.
Helped to mobilize forestry education camp participants.
Assisted to conceptualize and executed the event land well.
Registered departure participants, completeness in each activity, and back date to Pekanbaru.
Organized 30 participant in and outdoor.
Tunas Bertumbuh - Malang (Remote) Feb 2021 - Jun 2023
Student Mentor
Prepared a presentation describe a brief of "Karya Salemba Empat. Scholarship" - introduction to the scholarship program, registration
flow, and dissected the registration requirements.
Coached up to 20 mentee for their preparation for "Karya Salemba Empat Scholarship" future application.
Corrected mentees essay to match with a whole criteria of "Karya Salemba Empat Scholarship".
Gave a positive feedback to all of applicant - support them for the best future and decision.
Gave feedback to 15 mentee essays.
Helped 10 mentees become awardee of "Karya Salemba Empat Scholarship" program.
Yayasan Peta Bencana - Pekanbaru (In Location) Dec 2022 - May 2023
Trainer
Educated 20 people to understand how to use "Peta Bencana's website" and their social media bot to create a report of real time
disasters.
Socialized the importance to create a report in disaster's situation to all of "001Elementary School" and "005 Junior High School's
student" in Pekanbaru.
Created a report describe our effort to educate society through "Peta Bencana" tools.
Managed participant for "HKB Legend 2023" to celebrate "Disaster Preparedness Day" in Car Free Day Pekanbaru line.
Trained 20 people to be proficient to create disaster report via "Peta Bencana".
Introduced "Peta Bencana Indonesia" to 10-20 student from "001 Elementary School" and "005 Junior High School" Pekanbaru.
Peace-X - London (Remote) Mar 2021 - Sep 2021
Project Manager
Developed the curriculum and course contents that can be used to educate children in rural areas of India.
Managed the curriculum development and observed all of departments work - Social Science, Innovation, and Legal Rights. I also
supported the team members to develop general curriculum and the course contents (module planners, presentations, and videos).
Hosted to the weekly departmental assemblies or office hours to supervise, review, and give feedback on the works done by the team
members in all of departments I managed.
Served as a guest instructor in "India's Bookpacker Community", a skill-development course for high-school students, and conducted
sessions on "Learning How to Learn" also furthering the cause of educational equity and capacity-building.
Edualize Foundation - Semarang (Remote) Jan 2021 - Feb 2021
Public Speaking Facilitator
Scheduled once-a-week meet for my 10 mentee.
Prepared public speaking outlet to support my work.
Corrected a video assignment given by each mentee.
Evaluated my mentee's progress based on they task.
Gave positive feedback to all of my mentee.
I learned how to manage my extra-time, how to control my assessment, how to improve my public speaking, how to upgrade my
interpersonal communication, and how to listen carefully to my interlocutor.
Mentored 5 mentees to be fluent in public speaking practice.
Rumah Belajar Gurindam Paguyuban Karya Salemba Empat Jan 2019 - Mar 2019
Universitas Riau - Pekanbaru (In Location)
SBMPTN Mentor
Evaluated mentee's test for the questions I gave.
Corrected the answers from "Tryout KSE Nusantara Chapter Universitas Riau".
Accompanied my mentee to discuss their University major's plan.
9 out of 10 my mentees strated their new chapter at their dream university through Test-Based National Selection's or "SBMPTN 2019".
Yayasan Fatma Visi Sukses - Pekanbaru (In Location) Apr 2018 - Sep 2018
UN Mentor
Evaluated their test - Senior High School National Exam (equivalency program) or "Paket C".
I learned the value of education. Most of student I teach come from underrated background - economic condition, social condition, even
mental condition.
Instead, they story and journey teach me a simplicity in a real life - seems like a symbiotic mutualism - I teach them a formal material and
they teach me a value.
6 out of 6 my mentees passed their Senior High School National Exam (equivalency program) or "Paket C".
Education Level
Universitas Riau - Pekanbaru Aug 2017 - Jan 2024
Bachelor of Law Science - International Law, 3.84/4.00
Awardee Beasiswa Karya Salemba Empat Universitas Riau.
Joined "School of Public Management class" Lecture at Waseda University.
Joined "Public Policy Studies" Lecture at University of Tokyo.
Related course: Hukum Perusahaan, Hukum Perdata, Hukum Perjanjian, and Manajemen Sumber Daya Manusia.
Organisational Experience
Ikatan Alumni Pepelingasih Indonesia Oct 2021
Head of Legal and Advocacy
Bridged communication to third parties who want to work with IKAPI Provinsi Riau.
Stated recommendation letter for every single member needs.
Developed policy brief as a response for environmental issues.
Scheduled focus group discussion to discuss the policy brief we created.
Debate Club Fakultas Hukum Universitas Riau Sep 2018 - Sep 2019
Secretary
Conducted community member's presence and recapitulated it every month.
Handled internal problems between members through audiences with alumni and trustees to find out a solution for the problem.
Built emotional closeness among members.
Mediated conflict and try to prevent disputes between members.
Completed correspondence needs used for procure chairs and meeting rooms for weekly meet and to support debate internal selection.
Stated letter for the internal needs, such as delegation letter, permission letter, and invitations for outsider.
Interviewed member candidates.