RISMA YULIANA SAPUTRI
088980090192 | rismaysaputri@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/risma-yuliana-saputri-a2698b247/
I am Risma Yuliana Saputri, 21 years old. I am a 6th semester undergraduate student of the Faculty of Economics and Business,
Sebelas Maret University, majoring in Development Economics. I have interests in Research, Finance and Public Relations. In addition, I
have basic skills in the use of related software such as Microsoft Office, Eviews, Stata, etc. I am currently active as an intern in the Cash
and Pension Report Verification division at PT Taspen KC Surakarta. I am also experienced as an intern in the Public Relations division at
Ideal Indonesia. I have good time management and teamwork skills, proven by taking part-time jobs and joining an organization during
my college years. With my experience, I would like to further develop my skills in the professional field.
Education
Sebelas Maret University - Surakarta, Indonesia Aug 2022 - Aug 2026 (Expected)
Undergraduate Development Economics, 3.76/4.00
Relevant subjects : Monetary Economics, Banks and Financial Institutions, Central Banking, Public Economics, Economic Statistics,
Microeconomics, Macroeconomics, Econometrics, etc.
SMK Negeri 1 Wonogiri - Wonogiri, Central Java Jul 2018 - Aug 2021
High School Diploma in Accounting
Achieved an average school exam score of 91 for vocational specialization subjects.
Completed the final project in the form of financial statement simulation including balance sheet, income statement, cash flow, etc.
Mastered the use of MYOB accounting software and obtained a certificate of expertise from the school.
Work Experiences
PT Taspen KC Surakarta - Surakarta, Central Java Jan 2025 - Feb 2025
Internship
Verify the files of pension participants including the types of first pension, widow/widower pension, death benefit, work accident
insurance, death insurance, orphan pension, etc. with a total of more than 100 files per day.
Performed data input in the form of death certificate, pay partner clim file receipt, non dapem overbooking, etc. with a total of 1000+ data.
Performed more than 20 applications for pension clauses per day including applications for first pension, widow/widower pension, work
injury insurance, death benefit, death insurance, etc.
Sogan Cafe and Space - Surakarta, Central Java Dec 2022 - Dec 2023
Cashier
Accurately collected dozens of sales transactions per day both cash and non-cash to support business operations.
Contributed to company performance monitoring through recapitulating and recording hundreds of transaction data regularly for 6
months.
Successfully minimized customer complaints by continuously informing and promoting product knowledge.
Dinas Perdagangan dan KUKM - Wonogiri, Central Java Dec 2019 - Mar 2020
Internship
Assist the market treasurer in recording all transactions in order to implement the budget.
Implementing market retribution so that as to know directly the procedures, mechanisms and differences in market retribution rates.
Thrift by Kiko - Wonogiri, Central Java Jan 2019 - Mar 2021
Owner
Leading a business with an average turnover of IDR 700,000 per month and successfully marketing and selling more than 10 types of
products online to hundreds of customers.
Serve customers by actively handling more than 10 product orders every day.
Organizational Experience
IDEAL Indonesia Sep 2024 - Present
Staf Public Relation
Being the liaison between Ideal Indonesia and 7 community partners and responsible for handling publication requests from community
partners
Became Master of Ceremony of Ideal X Share IPB event titled Bootcamp: Empowering Future Leaders with a total of 30+ participants
Responsible for conducting research and analysis on communities that qualify as potential media partners to support Ideal events
BEM FEB UNS 2024 - Sebelas Maret University Mar 2024 - Present
Vice Minister of Kementerian Kajian dan Riset Strategis
Being the steering committee and responsible for overseeing all divisions of the Pena Mahasiswa 2024 committee with a total of 20+
committees.
Managing a team of 4 people to run 6 work programs in one management period.
Collaborated to make 4 studies on economic, social, and political themes by raising hot issues and publishing them in the form of
articles, journals, and infographics.
Forum Mahasiswa Ekonomi Indonesia Jun 2024 - Present
Secretary of Kastrat Forum
Coordinate and cooperate with the chairman of the Kastrat Forum and forum members who number more than 50 people for the further
running of the forum.
Record and compile minutes of forum meetings to facilitate the dissemination of meeting results to staff present and absent.
Create and disseminate information for forum meetings.
Forum Mahasiswa Ekonomi Indonesia - Universitas Indonesia May 2024
Delegate of Sebelas Maret University
Discussed with delegates from 16 universities in criticizing and contributing economic thoughts based on policies issued by the
Indonesian government.
Successfully compiled a study entitled 'Carbon Tax Implementation in Improving Welfare Principles through Fiscal and Monetary Policy in
Indonesia' and presented the study in the forum.
BEM FEB UNS 2023 - Sebelas Maret University Mar 2023 - Dec 2023
Staff of Kementerian Media dan Informasi
Create special content designs such as posters, campaigns, flyers, bumpers, mmt etc., so that 5 BEM work programs are successful.
Manage social media and create more than 100 content creations, including instagram feeds, reels, and live broadcasts. (eg:
lkmmd.febuns, kangmasmbakyu2024)
Produce, edit and upload 4 podcast videos with a total of more than 1000 viewers. (eg: Ruang Kita Podcast, Sharing Alumni)
Himpunan Mahasiswa Jurusan Ekonomi Pembangunan - Sebelas Maret University Sep 2022 - Dec 2022
Intern Staff of Human Relations
Hosted the Visit Campus event with a total of more than 50 participants.
As a public relations staff, successfully disseminated information about the EP Charity program so that the number of donations 100%
reached the target.
As a De Spectra sponsorship staff, successfully collaborated with cooperation partners to raise funds according to the target so that the
event could run successfully.
Additional
Language: Indonesian (native), English (intermediate)
Hard Skills: Data Analysis, Marketing, Microsoft Office, MYOB, Stata, Eviews, Basic Accounting, Social Media Management, Canva,
Graphic Design.
Soft Skills: Critical Thinking, Public Speaking, Interpersonal Skills, Problem Solving, Teamwork, Communication, Time Management.
Projects (2024): Implementasi Carbon tax Dalam Meningkatkan Kesejahteraan (well-being) Pada Kebijakan Fiskal dan Moneter di
Indonesia