Nizaar Roby Irawan
Surabaya, Indonesia
(+62) 82241940658 | nizaarroby@gmail.com | LinkedIn | Portfolio
Experience
Inndivo - UI/UX Design Intern Jun 2024 - Nov 2024
Redesigned a company website and developed a job portal website from wireframing to prototyping using Figma,
ensuring responsive design across multiple devices.
Attracted Gen-Z audience through upgrading to a more modern branding and creating an expandable design system
of 40+ elements that aligns with the new brand guide.
Collaborated with the product manager using the agile development framework to ensure a quality delivery under 3
months.
Beacon ITS - UI/UX Designer Jun 2024 - Aug 2024
Increased website visits by 60% by redesigning for mobile responsiveness and implementing A/B testing to
optimize design choices.
Developed a cheerful and youthful branding strategy, creating a reusable design system with 20+ elements.
Collaborated with the stakeholder and full-stack engineering team to meet project goals under 2 months.
Scatola Indonesia - UI/UX Designer May 2023
Conducted user experience research through user interviews with the stakeholder to iterate on early design
concepts.
Designed an eco-brand website in under 1 month for a responsive website using Figma through wireframing,
prototyping, and user testing.
Collaborated with the front-end developer to ensure the website was launched.
Education
Sepuluh Nopember Institute of Technology Aug 2021 - Present
Bachelor s of Engineering - CGPA: 3.26/ 4.00 Surabaya, Indonesia
Project
e-Waku: a Revolutionary Web App Designed to Support Aspiring Fish Farmers Jan 2024
Worked as a UI/UX Designer alongside 3 other team members, including full-stack engineers and concept
designers.
Enhanced user satisfaction by 30% through the development of user personas, streamlined user flows, and
high-fidelity prototypes.
Cardiosaver: Innovative Detection of Sudden Cardiac Death Risks Feb 2023 - Oct 2023
Collaborated with a multidisciplinary team of 5 members to ensure seamless integration between UI designs and
hardware functionality.
Contributed to proposal and report preparation, as well as the intellectual property (HKI) registration process to
support project development and legal protection.
Certification
Foundation of User Experience by Google - Completed Des 2024 - View Credentials
UI/UX Design Mastery (Gold) by Skilvul - Completed Mar 2024 - View Credentials
EF SET English Certificate 63/100 (C1 Advanced) - View Credentials
Skills
Design Skills: Ideation, Wireframing, User Research, Prototyping, Design Systems.
Tools: Figma, Miro, Whimsical, ClickUp, Notion, Framer.
Soft Skills: Collaboration, Agile Methodology, Problem-Solving.