ARKA AN NURHUDA
linkedin.com/in/arkanur zerobizzz@gmail.com github.com/nurhuda0 Yogyakarta, Indonesia
SKILLS
Tools and Technologies: Figma, Laragon, Git, JIRA, Canva, Trello
Framework: Wordpress, Laravel, CodeIgniter, React.js
Programming Languages: Javascript, PHP, HTML, CSS, Java, SQL
Languages: Bahasa Indonesia(native), English
EXPERIENCE
Programmer (Full Time) Sept 2024 - present
Yayasan Cinta Sedekah | Yogyakarta, Indonesia
Developed and maintained cintasedekah.org using WordPress and the Elementor plugin, enhancing site functionality
and user experience.
Designed and implemented key features such as a scrollable navbar, milestone progress bar, hamburger menu updates,
and improved layout design.
Built interactive prototypes in Figma to streamline feature development before implementation.
Optimized website performance by 28%, improving load times and overall efficiency.
Managed hosting, file storage, and routine backups through Domainesia to ensure system reliability.
Led the development of office.cintasedekah.org, the internal Office Management System (OMS), contributing to both
frontend and backend features.
Enhanced OMS functionality by updating database structures, refining input forms, optimizing layouts, fixing bugs,
conducting manual QA testing, and ensuring system stability.
Utilized PHP, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, CodeIgniter, and database management techniques to develop responsive, scalable
web applications.
Site Reliability Engineer (Internship) Jun 2020 - Feb 2021
Badan Sistem Informasi UII | Yogyakarta, Indonesia
Redesigned and refactored the UII Ops Monitoring Dashboard, implementing critical features for the SRE team,
including postmortem analysis, incident tracking, web monitoring, and team management tools.
Spearheaded the migration of the dashboard s programming language from PHP to Go (Golang), enhancing the
application s efficiency, maintainability, and security.
PROJECTS
Web Based Application Yayasan Cinta Sedekah link Present
The Yayasan Cinta Sedekah Public Website is a dynamic platform built using WordPress, designed to provide easy access
to essential information for the public. It features a comprehensive profile of the foundation, detailed reports, ongoing
and completed programs, and multiple donation options. This user-friendly and interactive website ensures
transparency and strengthens the connection between the foundation and its partners, showcasing its commitment to
openness and effective communication.
Web Based Application What to Do? link December 17th 2024
Daily obligations can sometimes be overwhelming to keep track of, so imagine how useful it is to have a platform that can
store the data of your desired activities. What to Do? Apps can help you to improve your productivity and make sure you
can keep track of your responsibilities. Developed on React.js and HTML/CSS
Web Based Application Yayasan Cinta Sedekah OMS (Office link Present
Management System)
A national philanthropy agency needs a sophisticated management system that can store data safely and can be easily
accessed by its members. Cinta Sedekah - Office Management System aims to help administer and regulate essential data
required by many of its peers. Developed on CodeIgniter3, PHP, and HTML/CSS.
Web Based Application Al-Awwal for Learning Arabic Language link March 14th 2024
Learning Arabic is not limited through traditional means but it can also be done through the use of modern web based
applications. Al-Awwal is developed to introduce and complement the early stages of Arabic language for youngsters and
adults alike. Developed on PHP, HTML/CSS, and React.js
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Computer Science in Informatics Jan 2017 Feb 2024
Islamic University of Indonesia | Yogyakarta, Indonesia