TSABITA SHAUMY AZHARI
tsabitashmya@gmail.com | +6282114911341 | www.linkedin.com/in/tsabitasa | Malang, Indonesia
A highly motivated third-year English Literature student at Brawijaya University. Adept at project
management, event planning, and fostering teamwork with extensive experience in organization. Skilled in
building relationships, solving problems, and creating innovative solutions. Passionate about Event
Management, Human Resources, and Public Relation , with a commitment to achieving excellence.
EDUCATION
English Literature, Brawijaya University August 2022 Present
GPA: 3.78 / 4.00
Mathematics and Natural Science, SMAIT As-Syifa Boarding School July 2019 March 2022
GPA: 86.0
ORGANIZATION EXPERIENCES
English Student Association (ESA FIB UB)
(Vice Chief) January 2024 Present
Arranged the work planning and organizational structure consisting of 5 departments and 70 members.
Evaluated team performance monthly, providing constructive feedback to achieve optimal outcomes.
Provided guidance to the team to ensure all programs compatible with the initial concepts and aims.
Ensuring the well-being of 58 staff and 12 core administrators with fostering a supportive and engaging
work environment by 80%.
Introduced new work programs tailored to the academic and talent development needs of English
Literature students, achieving 90% satisfaction rates by verbal feedback.
Fostered strong partnerships with external stakeholders for a better continuity of the association.
Successfully executed 30 work programs that support English Literature student s well-being with
satisfaction rates by 70%.
English Student Association (ESA FIB UB)
(Vice Head Department of Linguistics and Literature Department) January 2023 December 2023
Assisted the head department in supervising and directing 8 staff members, ensuring all programs were
executed efficiently and aligned with the aims.
Responsible for managing the English Annual Student Tournament or English competition work program.
Secured 67 participants from 8 different universities and 24 different schools nationwide.
Enhanced interpersonal relationships among team members, creating a collaborative and comfortable
work environment by 70%.
Successfully organized 4 work programs focused on improving students' academic performance and talent
interests.
E-Lite Voice FIB UB
(Staff of Inventory Division) January 2023 December 2023
Coordinated the preparation and maintenance of equipment for organizational events.
Designed and distributed official organizational apparel for all members
Acted as the Event Coordinator of Open Recruitment process, attracting 31 new student registrants.
Ikatan Keluarga Alumni As-Syifa Malang (IKASA MALANG)
(Staff of Social Division) March 2024 Present
Responsible for the division's financial management, including fundraising for social activities.
Succeeded in distributing the money in the form of free food for Friday prayer congregations and in the
form of money for a mosque.
PROJECT MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCES
CLIPSE 2024 Competition for Language and International Performance in Speaking and
Expression
(Head of Student Committee) March June 2024
Organized the team, providing guidance and supervision for 12 staff members.
Being a communication bridge between the student committee and lecturer committee, ensuring effective
collaboration.
Developed comprehensive competition plans, including competition guidelines and adjudication criteria
for five competition categories, in collaboration with the PIC of each competition.
Oversaw the entire sequence of events.
Secured 157 participants from 71 universities across 3 countries.
PEMILWA FIB UB 2023
(Coordinator of Legal Campaign Division) December 2023
Drafted and enforced campaign rules and regulations to ensure a fair election process.
Conducted document screenings to shortlisted eligible candidates for the election.
Designed questions for the Fit and Proper test to assess candidates suitability.
EAST 2023 English Annual Student Tournament
(Vice Coordinator of Tournament Director Division) July September 2023
Directed and supervised a team of 4 staff members with the coordinator.
Designed comprehensive rules, regulations, and adjudication criteria for four competitions.
Controlled the registration, submission, and adjudication processes for all competition.
Successfully recruited 8 qualified judges to assess the participants.
MAHABISA 2024 Mahasiswa Bina Desa
(Vice Coordinator of Group 7) April June 2024
Conducted a team of 10 members, providing supervision and guidance for their individual
responsibilities alongside the coordinator.
Acted as the primary contact for communication with village residents, building strong community
relations.
Organized and implemented 5 impactful programs to enhance the well-being of residents.
Achieved award as the best-performing team among 5 participating groups in the program.
English for Future X Job Fair 2023
(Vice Coordinator of Equipment Division) April June 2023
Assisted the coordinator in supervising 2 staff members to ensure efficient task execution.
Managed and allocated event equipment to meet operational needs.
ENCOMPASS 2023 English National Competition of Performance, Art and Social Speaking
(Treasurer) May July 2023
Administered the event's budget, ensuring accurate tracking of income and expenses.
Distributed prizes to winners and managed salary disbursements for committee members.
Social Action 2023
(Staff of Event Division) March April 2023
Designed event concept and detailed rundown to ensure smooth execution.
Coordinated and engaged with three guest speakers, maintaining professional communication and
alignment with the event's objectives.
Pentas Tunggal Teater Lingkar 2023
(Staff of Event Division) September Desember 2023
Designed cue cards for the Master of Ceremony to ensure seamless event flow.
Acted as a liaison officer, facilitating communication and logistics for the Master of Ceremony.
EAST 2022 English Annual Student Tournament
(Staff of Tournament Director Division) September November 2022
Created comprehensive rules and regulations for speech competition.
Managed the registration, submission, and adjudication processes.
Served as a liaison officer, ensuring effective coordination with the competition judges.
ACHIEVEMENTS
Cambridge English Placement Test 2023
Level : B2
SKILLS
Soft skill: Leadership, Problem Solving, Innovative, Initiatives, Adaptive, Teamwork, Communication,
Good Attitude, Detail-oriented, Time Management.
Hard Skill : Google Workspace, Microsoft Office, Canva.
Language : Indonesian (Native), English, Arabic.