MAULANA RIZKY RAHMADHANI
081235512559 | maulanarizkyr01@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/maulanarizkyr/ | bit.ly/portomaulanarr
Yogyakarta, Indonesia
Final year student of Informatics Engineering study program of Amikom University Yogyakarta with GPA 3.75. Has a great interest in
learning UI/UX design. Proficient in user research, creating wireframes, prototypes, user testing, and designing UI/UX interfaces for
mobile applications and websites. Skilled in using Figma, FigJam, Miro, Adobe XD, Adobe Illustrator, Maze, and Canva. Detail-oriented,
creative, innovative, communicate effectively, and able to present work well. Proven by being able to take responsibility as UI/UX
Designer on job portal projects, webinars, and community features at Komuri Indonesia Geekgarden.
Education
Universitas Amikom Yogyakarta - Sleman, Indonesia Sep 2021 -
Bachelor of Informatics, 3.75/4.00
Courses related to UI/UX Design: Advanced Programming, Information Systems Design Analysis, and Digital Business.
SMA N 1 Banguntapan - Bantul, Yogyakarta Jun 2018 - May 2021
High School Diploma in Science, 81.67/100.00
Work and Project Experiences
GeekGarden Software House - Yogyakarta, Indonesia Aug 2024 - Jan 2025
UI/UX Designer Intern
GeekGarden is an IT consultancy based in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, specializing in digital transformation. Empowering businesses of all
sizes with custom applications and solutions, leveraging technology for efficient and measurable results. With over 100 clients worldwide
with the goal to drive business success through collaboration and innovative technology solutions.
Responsible for designing working drawings and high-fidelity designs for over 250 pages of prototypes.
Collaborated with strategists, systems analysts, and developers to ensure the perfect solution for the current project.
Conducted a comprehensive analysis of the company's business needs, competitor benchmarks, and relevant literature to identify key
objectives and expectations, potential challenges, market insights, and visual aspect requirements.
Increased user effectiveness by 94%
SOKO Financial - Yogyakarta, Indonesia Jun 2024 - Aug 2024
UI/UX Designer Intern
SOKO Financial is dedicated to building empowered youth by providing them with the financial knowledge and skills they need to succeed
in life.
Responsible for designing the flow and style guide of SOKO Financial website.
Responsible for creating 80+ wireframes of SOKO Financial website.
Collaborate with project management team, developers, and marketing.
HMIF Universitas Amikom Yogyakarta - Yogyakarta, Indonesia May 2024 - Jun 2024
UI Designer and Framer Developer
Project for the National Informatics Seminar 2024 organised by the Informatics Student Association of Amikom University Yogyakarta.
Design a responsive website display with the Mobile First Design method.
Develop from design to publicly accessible responsive website using Framer.
Bangkit Academy 2023 led by Google, GoTo, and Traveloka - Aug 2023 - Jan 2024
Jakarta, Indonesia
Mobile Development (Android)
Bangkit is a career readiness program initiated by Google, GoTo and Traveloka for Indonesian students.
Led the UI/UX design team in developing the final project, ensuring an intuitive and aesthetically pleasing user interface and experience.
Conducted user research using in depth interview and usability testing with 10+ users.
Organisational Experience
Committee of the National Informatics Seminar 2024 - HMIF Universitas Amikom Yogyakarta May 2024 - Jul 2024
Secretarial Division
HMIF AMIKOM University functions as a channel for aspirations, information, empowerment and unification of students of the Informatics
Study Program at AMIKOM University Yogyakarta.
Coordinated the committee to promote the event and get 10+ participants per day.
Designing and developing a responsive website specifically for the seminar event using Figma and Framer.
Successfully achieved the target of 150+ seminar participants.
Skills, Achievements & Other Experience
Hard Skills : Adobe Illustrator, Adobe XD, Balsamiq, Canva, Figma, Framer, Miro, Maze.co
Soft Skills: Creative Thinking, Effective Communication, Ability to work individually or in a team, and Meticulous and detail-oriented
Competition (2023): UI/UX Design Festida at University of Darussalam Gontor