RIFQY YAZEED HABIBI
UI/UX Designer
+62 8131 2195 680 | yazeedhabibi@gmail.com | LinkedIn| Tasikmalaya, Indonesia.
Professional Summary
The Former writer and translator turned UX designer, is committed to bringing a unique perspective,
delivering intuitive, and seamless digital experiences for various user needs. Dedicated to solving real
user problems while driving business growth. Ready to thrive in a dynamic environment and work
collaboratively in a diverse team to create impactful solutions.
Experiences
AI Trainer for Indonesian Writer March 2023 - Present
Freelance
Outlier AI
Has contributed to hundreds of projects of various project types from analysing, reviewing,
creating prompts, etc.
Assessing prompts from various fields by an AI model in terms of accuracy, factuality,
relevance, writing quality, and comprehensiveness.
Train AI to generate more humanized and appropriate responses to the cultural context and
situation in Indonesia (localized).
Document Translator October November 2023
Freelance
Siliwangi University
Accomplished translating several RPS (Semester Lesson Plan) documents from Bahasa
Indonesia into English.
Collaborate with the team to align the information and consistent text on documents with
implementing the academic text style to suit the documents required (Formal Academic).
Chairman December 2021 December 2022
College Organizational Experience
Siliwangi University Choir
Become a leader of an organization and responsible for Facilitate programs initiated by
each department of the organization, including small and big projects such as an annual
concert, recruitment, working visits, and more
Dealing with campus executives about organization programs, administration,
collaborations, etc
Building good relationships and collaborating with both internal and external campus
instances and organizations.
E ducation
English Education 2018 - 2023
Bachelor Degree
Siliwangi University
Certificates
Google UX Design (Coursera) July 2024
Professional Academy
This is a training program facilitated by the Ministry of Communication and Information
(KOMINFO) in collaboration with Coursera for professionals who intend to switch careers. This
training consists of 7 courses and 3 major projects that must be completed to a certain standard so
that participants can implement UX Design skills and knowledge practically.
Design Thinking July 2023
HP
Learning design thinking process to solve problems of the user researching to learn the persona,
defining a problem, understanding feedback from the user and implementing reliable solutions to
solve the problems.
Principle UX/UI Design by Meta August 2024
Coursera
Learning the principles of UX/UI Design in making applications by following appropriate
processes and using tools like Figma. This course is one of the series of Meta Front-end Developer
professional certificates.
Skills
Google Workspace Problem-Solving
User-centred Design Communication
Visual Communication Research
Figma Collaboration
Canva Accountability
Notion Storytelling
Usability Testing AI Prompting
Information Architecture
User Experience Design
User Research
User Interface Design
Portfolio
tiny.cc/YazeedPortfolio
Languages
Indonesian (Native) English (Professional Fluency)