VERA RIZKI YUNIAR
verarizkiyuniar@gmail.com | +62 8983270569 | linkedin.com/in/verarizkiyuniar/
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Information Systems student with a focus and expertise in programming and UI/UX design. Have an
in-depth understanding of the principles of user interface design and user experience. Experienced in
using various design tools and have the ability to create intuitive and user-friendly solutions. Adept
team player, effective communication, and strong time management skills. Committed to developing
practical and academic skills to contribute to the field of computer science.
EDUCATION
UPN Veteran Jawa Timur 2022 - Present
S1 Information Systems | GPA: 3.78/4.00
Relevant Coursework: Information System Design Analysis, Human Computer Interaction,
Software Engineering, Web Programming, Database Administrator.
WORK EXPERIENCES
UI/UX Designer Intern - MSIB Batch 7 September 2024 December 2024
LLDIKTI IX
Collaborated with a multidisciplinary team to design and develop a mobile application and
dashboard for LLDIKTI Wilayah IX.
Conducted user research and usability testing to refine application features and user interfaces.
Design high-fidelity wireframes and prototypes using Figma, ensuring alignment with user needs
and organizational goals.
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCES
Member of Diksos UKM Penalaran & Kreativitas January 2023 December 2023
UPN Veteran Jawa Timur
Organize and coordinate FGMMI, UPN Mengajar, Webinar, Campaign, and Bina Desa activities as
planned to have a positive impact on society.
Delegates of Aiesec Future Leaders Summer Peak 2024 April 2024 June 2024
Aiesec in Surabaya
Attend and participate in training and leadership development sessions organized by Aiesec.
Followed an organized training schedule, including online and offline sessions involving group
discussions and collaborative projects.
Senior Assistant MOSAIK 2023 August 2023 August 2023
UPN Veteran Jawa Timur
Responsible for accompanying and supervising new students during MOSAIK 2023 activities.
Coordinating MOSAIK 2023 information to new students and managing attendance and permits.
Assess and crosscheck new student assignments with detailed assignment weighting.
Member of PDD UPN Mengajar Volume IX May 2023 August 2023
UPN Veteran Jawa Timur
Producing documentation of activities in the form of photos and videos by attending every UPN
Mengajar activity, taking quality photos and videos, and editing them to make interesting and
informative documentation.
Designing banners and certificates for the committee and participants of UPN Mengajar Volume IX
by following the predetermined theme.
Managing UPN Mengajar's Instagram account well by producing interesting content.
PROJECT
UI/UX LLDIKTIApps September 2024 December 2024
UI/UX Designer Intern at LLDIKTI IX
Tools: Figma
Designed the mobile application s user interface with a focus on user-centered design principles,
refined the application experience by iterating on designs based on user feedback, ensured consistent
visual identity and seamless navigation across all features.
UI/UX Dashboard September 2024 December 2024
UI/UX Designer Intern at LLDIKTI IX
Tools: Figma
Designed and optimized the dashboard interface to provide a seamless and efficient user experience.
Focused on data visualization, intuitive navigation, and accessibility to ensure users can easily
interact with key features.
SIMBA (Race Provider Information System) May 2024 June 2024
Final Project of Web Programming Course
Tools: Visual Studio Code, Xampp, GitHub
Analyst and creating the database needed for SIMBA using mySQL, develop SIMBA using PHP
(Native) programming language and bootstrap assistance.
UI/UX EventHub (Event Information and Publication Application) May 2024 June 2024
Final Project of E-Business Course
Tools: Figma
Designing user interface (UI) for the application, analyzing user problems, identifying solutions for
each problem encountered.
UI/UX Application SITAPI (Smart Farmer System) October 2023 December 2023
UI/UX Competition Fasilkom Fest 2023
Tools: Figma
Designing user interface (UI) for the application, analyze the design to ensure needs are met.
Determine target users, develop usage scenarios, conduct testing with Maze to ensure the interface
is optimized and error-free.
UI/UX Broken Road Reporting Application October 2023 November 2023
Final Project of Information System Design Analysis course
Tools: Figma
Designing the user interface (UI) for the application, analyze user problems, using UML (Unified
Modeling Language) can help in documenting and visualizing user interactions with the system.
UI/UX of SEHAT Application May 2023 June 2023
Final Project of Software Engineering Course
Tools: Figma
Designing user interface (UI) using scrum method.
SKILLS
Language: Indonesian (Native), English (Intermediate).
Software: Microsoft Office, Figma, Canva, Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, Android Studio,
GitHub, Xampp, StarUML.
Others: UI/UX Design, Programming, Web Development, System Analysis and Design, Project
Management, Leadership, Critical Thinking, Communication, Team Work, Analysis, Problem Solving.