Widias Tuti
Sukabumi, Indonesia Wistuti22@gmail.com +62 85158522042 linkedin.com/in/widias-tuti/
Telecommunication Systems graduate with hands-on experience in Internet of Things (IoT) and Data Analysis. Passionate about leveraging
technology to solve real-world problems, I honed my expertise in IoT through campus projects and expanded my skills in Project Management,
Data Analysis, Digital Marketing, and Product Management during an Independent Study at RevoU. As an active member of various committees
and organizations during college, I developed strong leadership abilities, excelled in teamwork, and cultivated critical thinking to tackle challenges
effectively. Highly motivated to explore new opportunities.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering Sep 2020 - Oct 2024
Universitas Pendidikan Indonesia GPA: 3.66 of 4.0
Participate in Writting articles on Telecommunication, electronics, and Internet of Things
Related Subjects: Algorithms and Programming, Cloud Computing, Internet of Things, Project Management, Data Communications
Networks, Telecommunications Networks, dan ICT Literacy
WORK EXPERIENCE
ADS Operational Aug 2023 - Dec 2023
Kapan Lagi Youniverse Jakarta, Indonesia
Create and process reports on campaign performance
Manage and optimize 30+ campaigns across 6 platforms with Google Ads Manager, proactively ensuring each campaign is running effectively
and hitting targeted KPIs.
Manage and distribute internal house ads, ensuring they are displayed according to plan.
Coordinate with various relevant teams to ensure the smoothness and success of each campaign, from planning to execution, in order to
achieve optimal marketing objectives.
ADIMINISTRATION Jan 2022 Jul 2023
RM. Cahaya Minang Sukabumi, Indonesia
Responsible for online order and marketing management
Successfully increased 10% revenue in online order
Organize and manage all promo campaigns undertaken.
Responsible for the Bank's administration
PROJECT
Design of a Diagnosis System for Blood Pressure Classification Using Decision Tree Algorithm Feb 2024 - Aug 2024
Thesis
Designing a blood pressure classification diagnosis system tool and designing a monitoring system using Thingspeak
Programming the Decision Tree algorithm using 219 data as blood pressure classification rules.
Manufacture tools and integrate tools into the monitoring system.
RevoU Tech Academy: Product, Engineering, Data Feb 2023 - Jun 2023
PT Revolusi Cita Edukasi
Digital Marketing Project: Manage Facebook Ads and create content for social media, Analyze KPIs and metrics for campaign performance
evaluation
Data Analyst Project : Perform Data Exploration on 1000+ data using excel, create data visualization using looker Studio and present to the
client.
Product Management Project : Conduct customer research to improve user satisfaction, Analyze survey data and product issues to improve
quality, and Find solutions and develop products according to customer needs.
Software Engineer Project : Designing and designing a weather website using Figma, then developing the web pages with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
This project was completed by deploying the website using GitHub.
Managed 4 capstone projects over four months, ensuring completion in accordance with the targets and plans set by the team, so that all
project milestones were successfully completed on time.
Seed Monitoring and Management System of Hydroponic Plants with Internet of Things Aug 2022 - Dec 2022
Campus Project
Planning a project to design a tool for automatic watering of planting seedlings
Making a tool for automatic watering of plant seedlings and monitoring the tool using blynk.
Making an overall module about seed monitoring and management system of hydroponic wit internet of things.
Kimia Farma Big Data Analytics Virtual Internship Program
Rakamin Academy
Perform Data Exploration on 1000+ data using MySQL
Creating dashboards and data visualization using Looker Studio
ORGANIZATIONAL & VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Treasurer Feb 2022 - Jan 2023
Dewan Perwakilan Mahasiswa Purwakarta, Indonesia
Responsible for managing the flow and recording of financial income and expenditure for a period, ensuring all transactions are recorded
accurately and transparently.
Prepare comprehensive financial statements and submit them to the university in a timely manner.
My dedication and contribution were recognized with an award as the best staff among 24 team members. In addition, I actively participated
in all activities, showing full commitment and involvement in every responsibility.
Chief Committee Nov 2022
Seminar Legislatif Kampus Purwakarta, Indonesia
Successfully managed the Seminar Legislatif Kampus 2022, attracting over 200 participants within 3 month of preparation.
. Oversaw the event budget, ensuring all expenses remained within limits while maximizing resource efficiency.
Coordinated 40+ team members, delegating tasks effectively and ensuring all responsibilities were executed with precision.
Maintained strong leadership and project management throughout, resulting in a smooth event execution and achievement of all key
objectives.
SKILLS
Soft Skills: Responsible, Attention to Detail, Time Management, Teamwork, Leadership, Adaptive, Emotional Intelligence, Communication
Hard Skills: Data Analysis, Project Management, Administration, Digital Marketing, Internet of Things, Python, SQL.
Tools: Microsoft Office, MySQL, Figma, Looker Studio, PowerBI, Tableu, Trello, Google Ads Manager, Canva, Notion, and Google
Workspace.
CERTIFICATIONS AND PORTOFOLIO
PTESOL by The Languange Center UPI (pdf) Jul 2024
IC3 Digital Literacy Certification GS6 Level 1 by Certiport (pdf) Nov 2023
Portofolio (pdf)