ZACKI AKBAR MAHDI
+62 896 0669 6374 | zacky.mahdi.zm@gmail.com | Depok-Jawa Barat |
24 y.o |http://linkedin.com/in/zackiakbarmahdi
Summary
Fresh graduate in Business Administration from International Islamic University Malaysia, highly motivated with a
passion for Marketing, Business Strategy, and Brand Management. Experienced in organizational work, project
coordination, and campaign management, demonstrating strong leadership, communication, and analytical skills.
Practical experience in creating marketing strategies, content development, brand asset management, and
coordinating with key stakeholders, including KOLs and external partners. Proven ability to handle dynamic
environments, tackle new challenges, and deliver results. Actively seeking opportunities in the marketing field to
leverage my skills and grow professionally in a collaborative and innovative setting
Education
International Islamic University of Malaysia Gombak, Malaysia
Bachelor of Business Administration, Second Class (Upper) September 2019 2024
Major: Human Resource Management
Relevant courses : Training and Development, Quality Management, Compensation Management, Strategic Management,
Organizational Change and Development, Industrial Relations, Business communication, Operations management, and Management
of Islamic Perspective.
Working Experiences
PT Paragon Technology and Innovation Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Intern Brand Building KAHF Malaysia July October 2024
Developed and implemented marketing strategies for KAHF's personal care campaigns, resulting in a 20% increase
in brand awareness over quarter period. Assist market research efforts and campaign ideation, created detailed
briefs, and collaborated with cross-functional stakeholders to ensure seamless execution.
Assist managed the creation of brand assets and briefs for vendor events, successfully engaged 10+ KOLs for social
media campaigns, and conducted expand sales on KAHF s e-commerce platforms, contributing to a 15% growth in
online sales through affiliate on TikTok.
Conducted comprehensive market research on Malaysia s skincare industry, assist optimized content on social
media leading to become No.1 in Malaysia, and Assist executed a marketing plan by developing brief of content that
boosted social media engagement.
Embassy of the Republic Indonesia Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Head of Team as a Polling Agent in Indonesian Election February-March 2024
Successfully contributed to the coordination and execution of an election process involving 300+ registered voters,
ensuring 100% voter participation rate during the event.
Managed ballot distribution, collection, and tallying with zero discrepancies, maintaining a high level of accuracy
and strict adherence to confidentiality protocols.
Delivered exemplary customer service, leading to positive feedback from 90%+ of participants and commendation
from senior organizers for professionalism and dedication to upholding democratic principles.
Islam Alirsyad Tengaran 2 Boarding school Majalengka, Indonesia.
Teacher and supervisor High School Students July 2018 May 2019
Led the supervision and mentorship of 200+ high school students, facilitating both academic and extracurricular
activities to maintain a structured and effective learning environment.
Developed and executed a comprehensive student discipline program, achieving a 50% reduction in rule violations
through the establishment of a positive, accountable school culture.
Collaborated with faculty and administrative teams to create and enforce behavioral regulations, while regularly
monitoring student progress and providing detailed performance assessments to parents and school management.
Organization Experiences
Arcapada Indonesia Malaysia.
Chairperson March 2024 November 2024
Leading Arcapada Indonesia (Indonesian Nature Lover Student Community in Malaysia) as community leader,
supervising and coordinating various activities to promote environmental conservation and appreciation of nature;
Organizing exploration, hiking and camping to educate Indonesian students in Malaysia to adopt environmentally
friendly habits and contribute to broader nature conservation goals;
Collaborating with other community leaders to organize and implement environmental awareness campaigns, nature-
based.
Indonesian students Association in Malaysia (PPI MALAYSIA) Malaysia.
Staff of Social Affairs Department March 2023 January 2024
Arrange social and charity (DONACTION PPIM) program as program manager.
Handle committees in cooperating to fulfill the goals of the program.
Manage event flow including communication with sponsors, partners, as well as take important role in event
preparation
Himpunan Mahasiswa Islam Malaysia (HMI MALAYSIA) Malaysia
Head of Secretary & Administration Department January December 2021
Responsible for handling correspondences need both with internal and external.
Responsible for HMI Malaysia administration.
Manage recapitulation of every program from each division in HMI Malaysia.
Indonesian students Association in IIUM (PPI IIUM) Gombak, Malaysia
Deputy Head of Department Art, Culture, & Sport January December 2020
Responsible for End-to-end event handling, such as take role as Steering Committee for IIUM Sport week and IIUM
Batik Day.
Responsible for leading team to ensure all team member develop their skills in handling programme.
Responsible for achieving goals of projects.
Projects
Brand Campaign on Twitter
Intern, Brand - Kahf Malaysia
Led monthly Twitter campaigns, coordinating with 10-15 KOLs and managing product distribution, driving a
20% increase in engagement.
Ensured 100% on-time execution and optimized KOL partnerships for enhanced campaign effectiveness.
DONACTION PPI MALAYSIA
Deputy head organizer in Charity Event (DONACTION) 2023
Led the planning, execution, and evaluation of the event, ensuring smooth operations from start to finish.
Analyzed donation targets and allocated funds accurately, ensuring transparency and efficiency
Developed creative concepts to engage a wide audience, driving high participation in the event.
Olympics PPI IIUM
Head Organizer in Online Culture & Art Competition by PPI IIUM 2022
Supervise End-to-end event handling, plan, execute, and evaluate the event from start until finish.
Build a good teamwork to ensure the success of the programme
Ensure the programme goes smoothly
Skills
Language : Bahasa Indonesia (native), English (professional), Arabic (professional), and Bahasa
Malay (intermediate)
Soft Skills : Project management, Teamwork, Public Speaking, Adaptation, Negotiation,
Collaboration, Time Management, Organization, Business Development, and Problem Solving
Hard Skills : Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint), SWOT Analysis, Marketing Mix
Modeling, and Business Model Canvas.